This Privacy Policy describes our practices with respect to Personal Data collected via our website at www.olxgroup.com (“Website”) as well as your rights under applicable data protection and other laws, including the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). For the purposes of this privacy statement, 'Personal Data' is any data for the purposes of Art. 1 No. 1 GDPR, i.e. data which relates to an individual who may be identified from that data, or from a combination of a set of data.

 

WHO IS THE DATA CONTROLLER?

 

OLX Global B.V., Taurusavenue 105, 2132 LS, Hoofddorp, The Netherlands (“OLX Group” or “we”/”us”) is the data controller responsible for the processing of your Personal Data on the Website. You can reach our data protection officer for any questions or feedback by mailing to hr-privacy@olxgroup.com.

  

WHAT TYPE OF PERSONAL DATA DO WE PROCESS AND HOW DO WE COLLECT IT?

 

Information you actively provide to us when you apply for a job (“Application Data”):

We primarily receive information when you use the contact form, subscribe to job alerts or apply for a job. When you use our contact form, apply for a job or subscribe to our job alerts (“Services”) on our Website we may require you to provide us with certain Personal Data such as name, email address, phone number in order to contact you or to answer to your queries. While applying for a job you may also be required to provide your resume/CV and cover letter which may contain additional Personal Data to process your corresponding request.

 

We need your Application Data for the solicitation, evaluation, and selection of applicants for employment with OLX Group. Thus, your Application Date will be processed for the purposes of managing our recruitment related activities, which include setting up and conducting interviews and tests for applicants, evaluating and assessing the results thereto, and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment and hiring processes or to maintain our talent pool and to contact you in the future with job offers. Please note that by submitting your application and clicking the checkbox acknowledging the privacy practices explained in this notice, you grant your consent to us to process your Application Data in the manner and for the duration explained in this notice. Accordingly, our legal basis is for processing your Application Data is Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR.

 

Information gathered from third parties (“Third-Party Candidate Data”):

To evaluate your candidacy for employment with us, we might process data collected not directly from you but from third parties. Your personal data will either be obtained from publicly available sources (e.g. LinkedIn) or provided to us by someone who referred you for potential employment, such as a recruiting agency or an external recruiter. In those cases, your prior consent will be sought by the agency or other third party or the transfer will be otherwise admissible under the GDPR. Your personal data will be processed solely for the purpose of managing our recruitment related activities, which include setting up and conducting interviews and tests for applicants, evaluating and assessing the results thereto, and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment and hiring processes. Such processing is legally permissible under Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR as necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Controller, which are the solicitation, evaluation, and selection of applicants for employment.

 

Information gathered automatically on our Website (“Website Access Data”):

When you visit the Website, we may collect in log-files your information such as Internet Protocol ("IP") address, demographics, details of your computer’s operating system, browser type, and your Internet service provider in order to provide better usability, troubleshooting, site maintenance, and to understand which parts of the Website are visited and how frequently. Our legal basis for this processing is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR as we need to process this data to guarantee the functionality and security of the Website.

 

Information gathered through cookies, web-beacons and other technologies on our Website (“Website Usage Data”):

We may use cookies to manage our users’ sessions and to store preferences. Cookies may be used whether you register with us or not. "Cookies" are small text files transferred by a web server to your hard drive and thereafter stored on your computer. With the help of cookies, the web server can save, for instance, preferences and settings on the user’s computer, mobile phone or other device which are then automatically restored on the next visit. Or to put it another way, the cookies are used, among other things, to make the use of the site more user-friendly so that, for instance, you do not have to repeat the log-in process when you visit again. We use both persistent cookies and session cookies. Whereas persistent cookies remain on your computer for a longer period of time, session cookies are automatically deleted when the browser window is closed. In some instances, our third-party service providers may use cookies on the Website. We cannot control or access cookies used by third- party service providers. You have the ability to either accept or decline the use of cookies on your device, whether you are registered with us or not. Typically, you can configure your browser to not accept cookies. However, declining the use of cookies may limit your access to certain features of the Website

 

Google Analytics:

In relation to cookies, please note that we are using Google Analytics cookies on our Website. Google Analytics is provided by Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 ("Google"). Google will store your information (browser Type/-version, operating system used, referral URL, shortened IP-Address, time of the server request) in a cookie. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our Website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there.

However, within the member states of the European Union or in other signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area, your IP address will first be shortened by Google on our Website. For this purpose we have implemented the code "gat._anonymizeIp() ;" to ensure anonymous collection of IP addresses (so-called IP masking). Only in exceptional cases the complete IP address is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there. If Personal Data is exceptionally transferred to the USA, a data protection level appropriate to the data protection level in the EU is ensured there by Google's certification according to the so-called "Privacy Shield Agreement" between the EU and the USA (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active). Google will use the information about your use of the Website on our behalf within the framework of Google Analytics in order to evaluate your use of the Website, to compile reports on Website activities and to provide other services connected with the use of the Website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics is not merged with other Google data. You can prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie about your use of our Website (including IP address) by Google and its processing by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in under the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Further information on the terms of use and data protection can be found at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/ and https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB. If you do not wish to receive interest-based advertising, you can also disable Google's use of cookies for advertising purposes by visiting https://www.google.de/settings/ads.


LinkedIn Plugin:

Within our Website, functions and contents of the LinkedIn service, offered by LinkedIn Corporation, 1000 W. Maude Ave., Sunnyvale, California 94085, USA (“LinkedIn”) are integrated. LinkedIn is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus offers a guarantee to comply with European data protection law and provide an adequate level of data protection (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000L0UZAA0&status=Active). LinkedIn uses cookies and web-beacons to provide you with LinkedIn contents on our Website. These include, for example, content such as images, videos or texts and buttons with which users can express their appreciation of the content, subscribe to the authors of the content or our contributions. You can also use a LinkedIn button to pre-fill our application form with your LinkedIn profile data. If you are a member of the LinkedIn Website, LinkedIn can assign your access of contents and functions to your LinkedIn profile. This data processing is subject to the LinkedIn privacy policy which can be accessed at https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy). LinkedIn may use this information to provide you with personalized advertisements and offers tailored to your web-preference. If you would like to opt out of receiving personalized ads from LinkedIn in the future you can do so at https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out.

We process Website Usage Data to analyze trends, administer our websites, track users’ movements around our websites, serve targeted advertisements, and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. The legal basis for the processing of Website Usage Data is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR.
 

HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA SHARED?

 

On the Website we have embedded the online recruiting service Greenhouse. Accordingly, your personal data will be processed on behalf of OLX Group by Greenhouse Software, Inc., a cloud services provider located in the USA and engaged by OLX Group to help manage its recruitment and hiring process on our behalf. Accordingly, your personal data will be transferred to the USA once you submit it through this Website. Despite your data leaving the EU Greenhouse Software, Inc. will ensure an adequate level of protection for personal data collected from EU data subjects at any time Greenhouse Software, Inc. is certified under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield framework and the transfer will further be subject to appropriate additional safeguards under the standard contractual clauses certified by the EU Commission to provide an adequate level of data protection for any transfers outside the EU. You can obtain a copy of the standard contractual clauses by referring to the website of the EU Commission.

 

We may also share information we collect with other OLX Group companies and our affiliates (companies under common ownership and control) located in different countries. These companies may only process and use this information to assist us for purposes described above and are bound to honour this Privacy Statement.

 

We do not share Personal Data about our users with any other non-affiliated third parties unless we have your specific permission to do so, or we share information with private or public authorities that will enable us to fight fraud and abuse on our network, to investigate suspected violations of law, or to fight any other suspected breach of our terms of service. We may share Personal Data with government authorities as required by applicable law.

 

As a matter of policy, we do not rent or sell Personal Data about our users with non-affiliated third parties unless we have our users’ specific permission to do so. In the event that our business or a division of our business is reorganized or sold and we transfer all or substantially all of our assets to a new owner, your Personal Data may be transferred to the buyer to enable continuity of service.

 

FOR HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN YOUR DATA?

 

Unless you are starting your employment with us after your application, with your consent, we will store your Application Data for future consideration in our talent pool for a duration of 12 months after you have completed the application process. Before the end of this retention period we will contact you via e-mail to ask you if you want to remain in our talent pool and extend your consent or if you would rather be deleted upon expiration of the initial retention period. If you do not grant us your consent for a longer retention period, we will store your Application Data for a period of 6 months after you have completed the application process.

 

We keep all other personal data no longer than necessary for the purpose for which we obtained them and for any other permitted compatible purposes, including compliance with legal obligations in the field of employment law. Group records management schedules document the applicable minimum retention periods required by local laws.

 

HOW CAN YOU MANAGE OR DELETE INFORMATION ABOUT YOU?

For users that have created an account with us on the Website, you can access, correct or delete the information you provided by accessing the Website and following the deletion instructions for your CV. You are responsible for keeping the data you provide or post on our network accurate. If your account was created through an identity provider (e.g. on LinkedIn.com) you may also disable or change the account information through the settings offered by the identity provider.

 

In addition, as a EU data subject, you have the following rights under the GDPR:

SUBJECT ACCESS: You have the right to access your Personal Data in many circumstances, generally within 1 month of your request;

RECTIFICATION: You can ask us to have inaccurate Personal Data amended;

ERASURE: You can ask us to erase Personal Data in certain circumstances, recognising that OLX Group must in any case respect its data retention legal obligations in the field of employment;

WITHDRAWAL OF CONSENT: You can withdraw at any time any consents to processing that you have given us and prevent further processing if there is no other legitimate ground upon which OLX Group can process your Personal Data;

RESTRICTION: You can require certain Personal Data to be marked as restricted for processing in certain circumstances as defined in article 18 of the GDPR;

PORTABILITY: You can ask us to provide you with a copy of your Personal Data in a such a form that you can send it to a third party;

RAISE A COMPLAINT: You can raise a complaint about our processing with the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction, or with our Data Protection Office (see Section 10 below).

OBJECTION: You have the right, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to object at any time to the processing of your Personal Data, which is processed on the basis of Article 6 (1) e) GDPR (data processing in the public interest) and Article 6 (1) f) GDPR (data processing on the basis of a balance of interests); this also applies to any profiling for the purposes of Article 4 (4) GDPR based on this processing. If you object, we will no longer process your Personal Data in the future unless we can prove compelling grounds for the processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms or the processing serves to assert, exercise, or defend legal claims.

HOW WILL WE NOTIFY YOU OF CHANGES TO THIS POLICY STATEMENT?

This Privacy Statement was last updated on 2018-05-25. We may update this Policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your Personal Data we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our Website.