Privacy Policy - Effective May 3, 2016
Quick Links
To read our detailed privacy policy click here
To opt-out of many third-party tracking technologies for interest-based advertising, follow the instructions here
To opt-out of precise location tracking of your mobile device, follow the instructions here
To opt-out of promotions sent by mail from third parties, click here.
To opt-out of promotions sent by mail from Meredith Corporation, click here.
To update or correct your information with Meredith, click here
Changes Made in Our Most Recent Update:
We’ve streamlined our postal address opt-out form and updated our description of how we share information with service providers.
Please read this summary and our updated privacy policy carefully so you understand what types of information Meredith collects about you, how we use and share that information and your related choices.

Your California Privacy Rights
(As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83)

California residents have the right to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed certain types of personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year. At our option, we may respond by providing instructions about how our users can prevent our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. You can read these instructions in the section of our Online Privacy Policy titled "How We Disclose Information and Your Related Opt-out Choices". Or, if you are a California resident and prefer that we send you a separate response, please email your request to privacy@meredith.com

more
Children and Privacy
Meredith cares about protecting the privacy of children. We won’t knowingly allow anyone under the age of 13 to provide us any personally identifying information online. Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any personal information about themselves. If you’re under 13, please do not register for any of our services or provide us information about yourself.

more
What Information Do We Collect?
Meredith and our service providers collect a variety of information about you including:

Information you choose to provide to us directly when using our Services and information about the computers and devices you use to access our services, including their location.
Information about your browsing activity as you use our Services and interact with our content, email messages and advertising. Some information may be collected automatically through cookies, beacons and other tracking and personalization technologies.
Information about the general location of your computer or device. With your prior consent, we may also collect or allow authorized service providers to collect information about your precise mobile device location, including when you interact directly with one of our mobile services and continuously over time while an application is not in use but is running in the background.
Information about you or your household that we obtain from other sources where permitted by law.
more
How We Use the Information We Collect
We and our service providers use the information about you we collect for a variety purposes including to:
Customize the content and advertising you see on our Services and other services and marketing channels and recognize you as a previous visitor.
Provide the services you request and improve these services.
Tell you about offers we think you will value.
Conduct market research and audience analysis
For any other purpose described at the point of collection or with your consent.
more
How Do We Share Information?
We may share anonymous or aggregated information about you in a way that does not identify you personally as we deem appropriate. Except as otherwise noted in our Privacy Policy, we may share your other information in various circumstances, including:

When we have obtained your consent.
With business partners that co-sponsor promotions we offer or provide a tool or feature accessible through our Services.
Within the family of Meredith sites and Services and with other Meredith businesses.
With our service providers, select third-party advertisers and other companies involved in the delivery of the advertising you see online and offline.
To protect or defend the rights of Meredith or our users.
Together with other assets, if a Meredith website or Service is sold to another company.
When required by law or as we deem necessary or appropriate to respond to requests from public authorities.
more
Your Choices
You can update any contact information you provide to us by using the “My Account” feature available on many of our sites or emailing us at privacy@meredith.com.
You can stop the delivery of commercial email messages you receive from any Meredith brand by using the unsubscribe link in any such email you receive.
You can remove your name and postal address from lists we sell or rent to third parties for their direct marketing purposes by using the opt-out form here.
You can opt-out of our use of your Web Site viewing behavior data to serve you interest-based advertising on third-party sites and email newsletters here or by clicking on the Ad Choices icon in the footer of our websites and navigating to the consumer opt-out form. Use the same links to opt-out of interest-based advertising on our Web Sites from any third-party advertising networks we may use.
You can stop the collection of precise location information you previously authorized by accessing the privacy settings of your mobile device and/or through the settings in the applicable mobile application.
If you are a mobile app user, you may be able to reset the advertising identifier used to deliver interest-based ads to your device or prevent the related collection of user data across unaffiliated applications for interest-based advertising by accessing the privacy settings in your device. Each operating system, iOS for Apple devices, Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices, provides its own instructions.
You can also exercise choice over the collection of cross-app data on your mobile device by companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance choice tool by installing the AppChoices app available here.
more
Other Information
Meredith is committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any privacy concern.
We have adopted commercially reasonable procedures to help us secure your information but no data transmissions or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
For more complete information about our privacy practices, please review our full Meredith Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions, please email us at privacy@meredith.com.