GAMCO Investors, Inc. and Your Privacy
At GAMCO Investors, Inc., (GAMCO Investors) and our affiliates, we take the issue of privacy very seriously. We want to assure visitors to our site the security, privacy and confidentiality that they can expect from us. Our goal is to help you understand how the personal information you choose to share with us through the web site is collected, used and maintained. You may review this GAMCO Investor Online Privacy Statement ("Privacy Statement") at any time by clicking on the Privacy link appearing on the bottom of one or more pages of this site.
Information Collected
General
We do not collect any personal information from anyone who is merely visiting or browsing our site other than as set out below. Personal information may be collected if you choose to order literature, complete an account application, send us an e-mail message, use our Mutual Fund Online Account Access or in other instances when you input information into our site.
E-mail and Product Inquiry	
We invite visitors on our site to send us e-mail messages so that we may respond to inquiries regarding our products or services. We retain copies of these e-mail messages. The information provided by a visitor will only be used to respond to the visitor's inquiry and to provide better service
Shareholder Account Access 
In the Mutual Fund Online Account Access area, we collect personal information necessary to provide data requested by the shareholder (for example, account lists, account balances and transactions). To protect the confidentiality of the information submitted, we require that visitors have a browser that supports 128-bit "strong" encryption, i.e., Netscape 3.0 and higher, Microsoft's Internet Explorer 3.0 and higher and AOL 3.0 (Windows).
Use of Cookies 
A cookie is a small piece of information about an Internet session that may be created when a visitor accesses a website. We may use cookies to facilitate easier navigation within the site and provide a higher level of convenience for the visitor. We also may use cookies for various purposes such as maintaining continuity during a session, gathering data about the use of our site, storing preferences or recognizing return users. We may use cookies or other tracking technology to monitor our online promotions.
Use of Information Collected 
The personal information you provide and the personalized data you create and save on the site is used to provide superior service to you and to inform you of products, services, or other opportunities that may be available through us. This may include disclosure of such information to staff members, representatives, officers, agents, affiliates, government and regulatory entities, third parties, and service providers. Such information and data will also be used to administer our business, the site, and our services in a manner consistent with this privacy statement, the Terms and Conditions that govern your use of this site and all applicable laws, rules, regulations, or other legal obligations. If you provide us with your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address, or have done so in the past, we may contact you by telephone, mail or e-mail.
Online Advertising 
GAMCO Investors and our affiliates online advertisements may be posted by other companies on third party sites that carry our advertising. These companies may set cookies and use related technology, such as encoded URLs or other tracking mechanisms that may note how Internet users respond to an online advertisement. For example, browsers that click on an online advertisement may be redirected to our site with an encoded URL or other tracking technology that may collect and store information about site visits, time spent, or a specific advertisement. Generally reported as aggregate and anonymous data, such information can help us understand for example the performance of online advertising. Third party sites that show our online advertising are often independent businesses that provide their own privacy statements. We are not responsible for such statements or sites. You should always review the privacy representations of those third party sites that you visit before you use them and particularly before you share personal information.
Other Sites and Services 
This site may contain links to other Internet sites not under our direction or control. This privacy statement does not apply to those sites. We are not responsible for such sites, cannot control how such sites use personal information, cookies or other data, and their representations do not apply to this site. You should always review the privacy representations of those sites that you link to before you use them and particularly before you share personal information.
Questions 
Visitors having specific questions regarding any information they have sent to us through GAMCO Investors's Web Site should send an e-mail.
Changes 
GAMCO Investors may change this privacy statement at any time. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to this site. The effective date of this privacy statement, as stated below, indicates the last time this statement was materially changed. Checking the effective date below allows you to determine whether there have been such changes since the last time you reviewed the statement. This privacy statement does not supersede the Terms and Conditions that govern your use of this site. Any conflict between the two shall be determined in favor of such Terms and Conditions.
Effective Date 
This online privacy statement was last modified: September 9, 2005.
