Privacy & Disclosure
Our Privacy Commitment to You
In opening and servicing customer accounts, Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.("LTCO") needs to collect certain kinds of personal information - identifying information such as your name, address, telephone number, and social security number, as well as, application information such as information about your assets, income, investment goals, and risk tolerance, beneficial ownership information and transactional information such as account activity information. Ladenburg will only use your personal information in ways that are in accord with the purposes for which we originally requested it. For example, we will use the information you provide us to process your requests and transactions, to provide you with additional information about products and services, or to evaluate your financial needs. We may share such information with Ladenburg's clearing firm; National Financial Services(NFS) and its other affiliates. We limit the collection and use of personal information to what is necessary to administer our business and to deliver superior service to you. This may include advising you about our products or services and other opportunities that we believe may interest you.

Ladenburg will not share personal information with others except as stated in this policy, unless we give you additional notice or ask for your permission. Ladenburg reserves the right to disclose or report the personal information in certain circumstances: (1) to our clearing firms or other affiliates, as Ladenburg deems necessary or appropriate, to handle, process and clear transactions in accounts; (2) where we believe in good faith that disclosure is required under law, to cooperate with regulators or law enforcement authorities, (3) to perform necessary credit checks or collect or report debts owed to us, (4) to protect our rights or property, or (5) upon reasonable request by a mutual fund or relating to other investments in your account.

Ladenburg does not sell its customers' or potential customers' personal information.

Ladenburg will protect the confidentiality of any personal information you share with us. Ladenburg's corporate policies require that employees with access to confidential customer information may not use or disclose the information except for business use. All employees are trained and required to safeguard such information.

Ladenburg strives to protect your personal information and makes every effort to keep your personal information accurate and up to date. If you identify any error in your personal information or need to make a change to that information, please contact us and we will promptly update our records. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact Ladenburg's Chief Compliance Officer at 212-409-2021 or by eMail to Rmateicka@ladenburg.com.

Customer Privacy Notice
You are receiving this Privacy Notice because our records indicate that you are a customer of Ladenburg Thalmann & Co Inc.

FACTS	WHAT DOES LADENBURG THALMANN & CO. INC. ("LTCI") DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?	Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?	The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or services you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security Number, date of birth, and income§ Assets and investment experience
Tax reporting and Investment Performance Information
Account Transactions and Retirement assets
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?	All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the next section, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information, the reasons LTCI choose to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
REASONS WE CAN SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION	DOES LTCI SHARE?	CAN YOU LIMIT THIS SHARING?
For our everyday business purposes - to process your transactions, manage service and maintain your account(s), to provide access to affiliates and certain non-affiliated companies. To respond to court orders and legal investigations, respond to regulatory requests, or report to credit bureaus and government entities.For non affiliated companies that perform services for us or function on our behalf (such as check printing, clearing broker dealers, investment companies and insurance companies) with third party administrators and vendors for the purpose of providing current and future information on your account.	Yes	No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and services to you	Yes	No
For joint marketing with other financial companies Affiliates and certain state laws give us the right to share your information with banks, credit unions, retirement plans and other financial companies where a formal agreement exists between us and them to provide or market products or services to you. However, we will not share your information with these financial companies for marketing purposes if your advisor is not affiliated with them without your consent, but we may share information with these companies where necessary to service your accounts.	Yes	No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experience. For LTCI and its affiliates to market to you	Yes	No
For our affiliates to market to you: For affiliate companies that you do NOT have an existing relationship with.	Yes	Yes
For customers of financial institutions and Ladenburg: If you are a customer of a bank, credit union, or other financial institution program with which we have a networking agreement (such as under a bank or credit union investment services program), we may share your information with internal auditors of the financial institution or in response to requests from regulators of the financial institution. If the financial institution terminates its relationship with us, we will permit the financial institution to retain copies of your personal information so your account can continue to be serviced at the financial institution. If you do NOT want the financial institution to disclose your personal information to another brokerage or investment advisory firm ("New firm"), you may request that we and /or your financial institution limit the information that is shared with the New firm.	Yes	Yes
For clients of independent registered representatives and Ladenburg Thalmann:
If your financial advisor or registered rep terminates his or her relationship with LTCI and moves to a new firm, we or your financial advisor may disclose your personal information to the new firm, unless you instruct us not to. If you do NOT want us, your financial advisor or registered rep to disclose your personal information to the new firm when your advisor or rep terminates their relationship with us, you may request that we, your advisor or rep limit the information that is shared with the new firm.
Your personal information may also be shared with certain entities that are owned, controlled by or affiliated with your advisor or rep, such as an insurance agency, accounting firm or independent investment advisory firm.
In the event your advisor or rep agrees with an unaffiliated financial advisor to sell all or some portion of his/her securities or advisory business, your personal information may be shared with the acquiring financial advisor and his/her New firm.
Yes	Yes
If your primary address is in a state that requires your affirmative consent to share your personal information with the New firm (such as California, Massachusetts, Maine, New Mexico, North Dakota or Vermont), except to the extent that the laws of your state of residence provide for exceptions to the consent requirement, then you must give your written consent before we will share, or will allow your financial advisor to take any of your personal information to that New firm.		
For non-affiliates to market to you	No	We do not share
WHO WE ARE
Who is providing this notice	Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. ("LTCI") and its affiliates. Affiliates covered under this privacy notice include:
Ladenburg Thalmann Asset Management Inc.
Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. and all of its affiliated companies.
WHAT WE DO
How do Ladenburg and its affiliates protect my personal information?	To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with state and federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. We train our employees in the proper handling of personal information. We require companies that help provide our services to you to protect the confidentiality of personal information they receive.
How Do Ladenburg and its affiliates collect my personal information?	We collect your personal information, for example, when you:§ Open an account; investment account or advisory account§ Seek advice about your investments;§ Enter into an investment advisory relationship;§ Apply for insurance. We also collect personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?	Federal law gives you the right to limit only:§ Sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness§ Affiliates from using your information to market to you§ Sharing for non-affiliates to market to youState laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
DEFINITIONS
Affiliates	Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. Our affiliates include the following entities:
Ladenburg Thalmann Fund Management LLC;
Ladenburg Thalmann Asset Management Inc.;
Ladenburg Capital Agency Inc.;
Investacorp, Inc., Investacorp Advisory Services, Inc., a registered investment adviser;
Triad Advisors, Inc., registered investment adviser; Triad Hybrid Solutions, LLC;
KMS Financial Services Inc.
Securities Services Network Inc.; SSN Advisory, Inc.
Premier Trust, Inc. * Highland Capital; * Arbor Point Advisors, Inc.;
Securities America Inc.; Securities America Advisors Inc.; and SAFC.
HCHC Acquisition, Inc.
Nonaffiliates	Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
To limit our sharing of your personal information	You may limit the sharing of your personal information ("OPT-OUT") by calling 212-409-2021.In the event you decide to Opt-Out, your decision will be recorded as limiting the sharing of personal information for all applicable options. In other words, if you Opt-Out your personal information will not be shared: (I) with the financial advisor's New broker dealer in the event he or she leaves Ladenburg or an affiliate and joins a New firm; (ii) with affiliates of Ladenburg that you do not have an existing relationship with for the purpose of marketing to you.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy Notice, and any of the practices described within this policy, at any time.