
DISCLAIMER
The following sets forth Power REIT’s disclaimer governing the content and usage of the Power REIT website (“Website”). This Website is provided as a courtesy to Power REIT’s current and prospective clients and shareholders, and Power REIT is not responsible for Website downtime, nor is it responsible for updating information on this Website. Power REIT encourages you to review all the information in this Disclaimer section prior to accessing the Website.

Forward Looking Statements
This Website may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements are those that predict or describe future events or trends and that do not relate solely to historical matters. You can generally identify forward-looking statements as statements containing the words “believe,” “expect,” “will,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “project,” “plan,” “assume” or other similar expressions, or negatives of those expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. All statements contained in this Website regarding Power REIT’s strategy, future operations, projected financial position, estimated future revenues, projected costs, future prospects, the future of Power REIT’s industries and results that might be obtained by pursuing management’s current or future plans and objectives are forward-looking statements.

You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements because the matters they describe are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond Power REIT’s control. Power REIT’s forward-looking statements are based on the information currently available to Power REIT. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and it is impossible for Power REIT to predict these matters or how they may affect Power REIT. Over time, Power REIT’s actual results, performance or achievements will likely differ from the anticipated results, performance or achievements that are expressed or implied by Power REIT’s forward-looking statements, and such difference might be significant and materially adverse to Power REIT’s security holders.

No Advice
Nothing contained within this website is, or should be construed as, legal, investment or tax advice and all parties are encouraged to investigate these issues thoroughly with their own advisors and in light of their own circumstances.

Not Responsible for External Links
Our web site has links to many other organizations. Upon leaving the Power REIT Website, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site. Power REIT is not responsible for the availability of the systems being linked to or for any errors or any delays such systems might incur in updating their information.

Privacy Policy
During the course of your visit to our website, Power REIT may collect information non personal-identifying information regarding the pages you visit, the date and time of such visit, your operating system and Power REIT will not knowingly obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our website, unless you choose to provide such information to us via our contact form, mail, telephone, fax or otherwise. Any such information provided by you to us, may be shared with our marketing or other partners or vendors for the purpose of providing better service to you. We utilize external vendors to host our website, to provide access to our SEC filings and host our information systems and Power REIT is not responsible for downtime or security breaches that may occur on these external systems.