The following is the privacy policy of this website and other Radiant company brands:

Radiant respects your privacy and recognizes the need to protect the personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified, such as name, address, and telephone number) you share with us. We would like to assure you that we follow appropriate standards when it comes to protecting your privacy on our websites.

In general, you can visit Radiant company websites without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We track the Internet address of the domains from which people visit us and analyze this data for trends and statistics, but the individual user remains anonymous.

Some of our webpages use “cookies” so that we can better serve you with customized information when you return to our site. Cookies are identifiers that a website can send to your browser to keep on your computer, to facilitate your next visit to our site. You can set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the option to decide whether or not to accept it. The information we collect and analyze is used to improve our service to you.

There are times when we may collect personal information from you, such as name, physical address, telephone number, or social security number. It is our intent to inform you before we do that and to tell you what we intend to do with the information. Generally, you will have the option not to provide the information, and you will be able to “opt out” of certain uses of the information. If you choose not to provide the information we request, you can still visit all of the Radiant corporate website, and most of the other company websites, but you may be unable to access certain options, offers, and services.

Radiant and its companies will not sell, trade, or disclose to third parties any information derived from the registration for, or use of, any online service (including names and addresses) without the consent of the user or customer (except as required by subpoena, Search Warrant, or other legal process or in the case of imminent physical harm to the user or others). When Radiant uses other agents, contractors or companies to perform services on its behalf, Radiant will ensure that the company protects your personally identifiable information consistent with this policy. Radiant will allow suppliers to access the information only for purposes of confirming your membership and providing you with membership benefits you are entitled to, but not for marketing or resale purposes.

Radiant will take appropriate steps to protect the information you share with us. We have implemented technology and security features and strict policy guidelines to safeguard the privacy of your personally identifiable information from unauthorized access and improper use or disclosure. Radiant will continue to enhance our security procedures as new technology becomes available.

If our privacy policy changes in the future, it will be posted here and a new effective date will be shown. You should access our privacy policy regularly to ensure you understand our current policies. If you have any questions regarding Radiant’s Privacy Policy, please email us at: privacy@radiantdelivers.com.