Privacy Policy
Sophiris Bio Corp. privacy notice
Sophiris Bio Corp. collects Personal Information about you in order to provide the services you request and to tailor our communications to match your interests.

The information we collect
In order to use our website located at sophirisbio.com (the “Website”) or to contact us, you will need to register for an account and provide certain personally identifiable information to us (“Personal Information”), which may include any of the following:

Name
Email address
Phone number
We will only use your Personal Information for the following business purposes:

Creating and maintaining accounts;
Respond to emails we receive from you;
Communicating with you;
Providing the services you request;
Sending surveys to you;
To analyze, manage and improve the Website;
To notify you of special offers and other services that we believe may be of interest to you or to send you current mailings;
To notify you that you have been selected as a winner of a contest or sweepstakes;
To help us diagnose problems with our server or other technical issues relating to the performance of the Website; or
For any other specific business purpose stated at the time you provide your information.
We may also use certain standard technologies such as “cookies,” web server logs, or other statistics programs (“Usage Information”) to track and record how you use the Website. Usage Information is anonymous and does not personally identify you and helps us measure the success of the Website and its features or pages and to improve your online experience. Your browser may have an option that allows you to accept cookies, reject cookies, or receive notification when a cookie is sent, but you should note that the use of such restrictive browser settings may limit your use of the Website.

How Sophiris Bio Corp. shares your information
We do not rent or sell your Personal Information to any third party, but we may share or disclose it as follows:

To third parties retained by Sophiris Bio Corp. (who shall be subject to confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as those imposed upon us by this Privacy Notice) to the extent necessary to perform any of the business purposes listed above;
In connection with the sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets;
To comply with any law, regulation or court order, to cooperate with government investigations, to help prevent fraud or to enforce or protect the rights of Sophiris Bio, Corp. or its subsidiaries;
As necessary to complete a request you initiated, such as with third parties that are administering on our behalf a contest or sweepstakes that you have entered at the Website; and
Or otherwise with your consent.
In all other cases, Sophiris Bio Corp. will obtain your express consent before sharing your information with third parties.

Your choices about receiving email
You can elect to receive emails from Sophiris Bio Corp. by filling out any form on our site. You can also opt-out at any time. by clicking on the link provided at the bottom of each email communication.

Protecting your information
Your email transmissions and/or other communications containing Personal Information may be unlawfully intercepted or accessed by third parties and/or the Website may be subject to hostile network attacks or administrative errors. We cannot and do not guarantee the security of any information transmitted over the Internet. Once we receive your Personal Information, Sophiris Bio Corp. implements a variety of commercially reasonable administrative, managerial, and technical security measures to help protect your Personal Information.

However, even after we receive your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee that your Personal Information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed as a result of a breach of our commercially reasonable efforts or as a result of any other event beyond our reasonable control. Accordingly, we cannot and do not guarantee that your Personal Information is completely secure and safe from such risks. You must also take steps to protect your Personal Information. We urge you to take every precaution to protect your Personal Information while you are on the Internet.

Contacting Sophiris Bio Corp.
If you have questions or concerns about your privacy when using the Sophiris Bio Corp. Web site, please contact us at:

Sophiris Bio Corp.
1258 Prospect Street
La Jolla, CA 92037

In addition you may be entitled to request disclosure regarding how we share your information with third parties for direct marketing purposes. Please submit all requests in writing too the address above.

Special note to international users
By using the Website, you agree and acknowledge that the Website is hosted in the United States. If you are attempting to access the Website from a physical location within the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the Website, which is governed by U.S. law, the Privacy Notice, and the Terms of Use, you are transferring your Personal Information to the United States and you consent to (i) such transfer, (ii) the application of the laws of the United States and/or the State of California with respect to any dispute arising from or related to the Privacy Notice and/or your use of the Website, other than such rules, regulations, case law, and/or international treaties that would result in the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States or the State of California, and (iii) the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of California and the federal courts sitting in California.

Changes to this privacy notice
From time to time, we may revise the Privacy Notice. To help you stay current of any changes, we take the following two steps: (i) we note the date the Privacy Notice was last updated; (ii) when we make a change to the Privacy Notice, we post conspicuous announcement of such changes on the homepage of the Website on the Website next to the link to this Privacy Notice. Your use of the Website following the posting of any revised Privacy Notice shall be deemed acceptance of the revised policy. If, and only if, we make revisions to the Privacy Notice that result in a material lessening of the restrictions on our use or disclosure of your Personal Information, we will make a commercially reasonable attempt to obtain your consent before implementing such revisions with respect to such Personal Information. If you disagree with the terms of any Privacy Notice at any time, your sole remedy is to terminate your use of the Website and inform us of such termination as described in Privacy Notice. Continued use of the Website constitutes your agreement to any Privacy Notice as in effect (This Privacy Notice was last amended on May 10, 2012).

Learn more about our terms & conditions