Legal
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
TERMS OF USE
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
By using this website, you acknowledge your agreement to the following terms and conditions, without limitation or qualification. Please read these terms carefully. These Terms of Use may be changed, modified, supplemented, or updated at any time, with or without advance notice. You agree to be bound by any such modifications. It is your responsibility to visit the link at the bottom of the W. R. Berkley Corporation home page periodically to review the most current terms and conditions. If you do not agree with these Terms of Use, you should immediately stop using this website.

This website is owned and maintained by W. R. Berkley Corporation (“Berkley”, “we”, “us,” or “our”), a member of the W. R. Berkley Corporation enterprise of affiliated companies (collectively, the “Company”). The following terms and conditions apply to all users of this website, though we may choose to add to or supersede certain provisions herein with other provisions located in other parts of this website. You further acknowledge that the current Terms of Use, Online Privacy Policy, and other policies posted on this website constitute the entire agreement between you and W. R. Berkley Corporation in connection with your use of this website, and the content and software herein.

DISCLAIMER
To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, the materials and software on this website are provided on an "as is" or "as available" basis and without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. W. R. Berkley Corporation disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, any implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. W. R. Berkley Corporation does not warrant that the website’s functions will be uninterrupted, non-infringing, or error-free, that any such defects will be corrected, or that this website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components.

All information on this website, including all surveys, benchmark reports, educational materials, risk reports, and/or actuarial analysis and reports, is for general informational purposes only, and is not offered as legal, accounting or other professional advice.

The descriptions of any products and services on this website, including any sample forms or wordings, are not necessarily intended to be complete descriptions of all applicable terms, exclusions, and conditions and are provided solely for general informational purposes. Any statement regarding insurance coverage herein is subject in all respects to the specific terms and conditions of the actual applicable policy or product or service agreement. Complete policy terms are available upon request.

While W. R. Berkley Corporation uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on this website, errors or omissions sometimes do occur. W. R. Berkley Corporation does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use, of any of the materials on this website in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. Some states do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties, so the foregoing disclaimer may not apply to you if you are a resident of any such state. You may also have other legal rights that vary from state to state.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, you understand and agree that under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall W. R. Berkley Corporation or the Company be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, exemplary, or punitive damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this website, even if W. R. Berkley Corporation or the Company or an authorized representative of W. R. Berkley Corporation or the Company has been advised of the possibility of such damages. W. R. Berkley Corporation also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property as a result of your access to, use of, or browsing of this website or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from this website. Some states do not allow the limitation of liability, so the foregoing limitation may not apply to you.

You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless W. R. Berkley Corporation and the Company from and against any and all losses, liabilities, expenses, damages, and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs, arising or resulting from your use of this website or any violation of these Terms of Use. If you cause a technical disruption to the website or the systems transmitting the site to you or others, you agree to be responsible for any and all losses, liabilities, expenses, damages, and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs, arising or resulting from that disruption. W. R. Berkley Corporation reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you and, in such case, you agree to cooperate with W. R. Berkley Corporation in the defense of such matter.

THIRD PARTY CONTENT
This website may contain hyperlinks to other websites which are not owned or maintained by W. R. Berkley Corporation. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such websites. These hyperlinks are provided solely for your convenience, and do not imply W. R. Berkley Corporation’s approval or endorsement of such sites or the content therein. We do not control such websites, and assume no responsibility for their content or accuracy, even though Operating Unit’s name or logo may appear on certain pages of such third party sites. We accept no liability for any information, products, advertisements, content, services, or software accessible through such third party websites or for any action you may take as a result of linking to any such website. We recommend that you carefully read the privacy policies and user agreements of these sites, which will solely govern your use thereof.

OWNERSHIP OF INFORMATION
With the exception of personal data (which shall be maintained in accordance with our Online Privacy Policy), any information you transmit to W. R. Berkley Corporation via this website, by electronic mail or otherwise, including questions, comments, or suggestions, will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and will become the property of W. R. Berkley Corporation. Such information may be used for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, solicitation, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. W. R. Berkley Corporation shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to W. R. Berkley Corporation via this website or by any other means for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing and marketing products using such information. W. R. Berkley Corporation may modify or discontinue any of the materials, content, or software, or any portion thereof, that appears on this website at its discretion, with or without notice. Neither W. R. Berkley Corporation nor the Company will be liable to you or any third party for the effects of any such modification or discontinuance.

RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF MATERIALS
This website is owned and operated by W. R. Berkley Corporation. Except where otherwise indicated, all materials and software contained in this website, as well as their collection, arrangement, and assembly, are the copyrighted property of W. R. Berkley Corporation or the Company and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. No materials from this website may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, distributed, or otherwise commercially exploited in any way, except with the express written consent of W. R. Berkley Corporation. You may download material displayed on this website for your personal use only, provided that you do so without alteration, for non-commercial purposes only, and that all copyright and other proprietary notices appear in all copies in the same manner as the original. All other uses are prohibited.

You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, repost, or use the content of this website for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video, without W. R. Berkley Corporation’s prior written permission. We neither warrant nor represent that your use of materials displayed on this website will not infringe rights of third parties.

You are prohibited from: (i) using this website for any unlawful, unauthorized, fraudulent, or malicious purpose; (ii) using this site in a method that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any server, or any network connected to a server; (iii) interfering with another person’s use and enjoyment of this website; (iv) using data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools with respect to any portion of the website; (v) gaining unauthorized access to accounts, computer systems, or networks connected to any server or systems; or (vi) accessing materials, systems, data, or information not intended by W. R. Berkley Corporation to be accessible to you or through any means not intentionally made available by W. R. Berkley Corporation.

W. R. Berkley Corporation reserves the right to take any lawful action it deems appropriate in response to any actual or suspected violations of these terms, including but not limited to the suspension or termination of the user's access to the website. W. R. Berkley Corporation may cooperate with legal authorities and/or third parties in the investigation of any suspected or alleged crime or civil wrong. Except as expressly limited by the Online Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to disclose any information that we deem necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, or as otherwise permitted by law.

TRADEMARKS
All trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, and icons are proprietary to W. R. Berkley Corporation and/or the Company. This proprietary information includes WRBerkley.com domain name, logos, page headers, and graphics. Use of the trademarks, service marks, trade dress, or other logos displayed on this website, without prior written authorization of W. R. Berkley Corporation or as otherwise provided herein, is strictly prohibited.

PROPRIETARY SOFTWARE
Any software accessible through this website is the property of W. R. Berkley Corporation, the Company, or outside suppliers, and is protected by U.S. intellectual property laws and/or international treaties. Use of this software other than to utilize and navigate this website for its intended functions is prohibited, and you agree not to access this website’s content by any means other than the interface W. R. Berkley Corporation has provided. You agree not to copy, distribute, publicly display, alter, modify, decompile, disassemble, or Reverse Engineer or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of this software. W. R. Berkley Corporation does not authorize the downloading or exportation of any software or technical data from this website to any jurisdiction where such activity is prohibited by export laws and regulations. Accordingly, you shall not copy, transfer, or export this software in violation of any applicable export laws and regulations.

PASSWORDS AND SECURITY
W. R. Berkley Corporation requests that you do not send it any information that you consider to be confidential or proprietary through this website or by email. You acknowledge that there is a risk that information provided through the website may be accessed by unauthorized third parties because such information is not encrypted. Please note that if you do send us any such information or material, we will assume it is not confidential. By sending us information or material, you grant W. R. Berkley Corporation an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit, and distribute this material or information, and you also agree that W. R. Berkley Corporation is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques that you send us for any purpose.

PRIVACY POLICY
Our Website Privacy Policy describes W. R. Berkley Corporation’s collection, use, and protection of nonpublic personal information obtained from users of this website. This Privacy Policy will help you to understand how we secure and protect the information we collect, and we urge you to read it.

SURPLUS LINES PRODUCTS
Certain products described in this website may be underwritten by U.S.-based surplus lines insurers. Consequently, these products are sold on a surplus lines basis only, which means that they are available only through properly licensed excess and surplus lines brokers and in accordance with applicable surplus lines laws.

Surplus lines insurance is intended to meet customer needs for high risk and specialized insurance products not available from the conventional market. Surplus lines products are offered only by 'non-admitted' insurance companies which are not licensed to do business in the states in which their products are sold. Surplus lines carriers do not generally participate in state guaranty funds and thus insureds are not protected by such funds.

JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES
Except as expressly stated herein, the information contained on this website is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security, insurance product, or other product or service by W. R. Berkley Corporation or the Company. No security, insurance product or other product or service is offered or will be sold by W. R. Berkley Corporation or the Company or, if sold by such entity, will be effective in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, purchase, or sale would be unlawful under the securities, insurance, or other laws of such jurisdiction. Those who choose to access this website do so by their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws. Unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, W. R. Berkley Corporation makes no representation that the materials on this website are appropriate or available for use in any location. Due to various insurance and other regulatory restrictions, certain products and services described on this website may vary by jurisdiction and may not be available in or suitable for all jurisdictions. Further, we make no representation that materials on this website are appropriate for use outside the United States, or that access to this website’s content is legal in all countries and/or territories. You may not use this website or export its materials in violation of United States export laws and regulations. Please contact a designated representative of W. R. Berkley Corporation or your broker to find out which products and services are available to you in your jurisdiction.

Safe Harbor Statement. This website may from time to time contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (U.S.), which provides a statutory "safe harbor" for forward-looking statements. Any written or oral statements made by or on behalf of the Company reflect current views with respect to future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to uncertainties and inherent risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Please refer to W. R. Berkley Corporation's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q, and any Forms 8-K since the most recent Form 10-K, for further information on such uncertainties and inherent risks and the "safe harbor" under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

CHOICE OF LAW
These Terms of Use are governed by the laws of the State of Delaware and controlling United States federal law without regard to any conflicts of law provisions, unless such law cannot be applied in a particular jurisdiction under prevailing applicable law. Unless a dispute would be governed by the arbitration clause below, you agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the State of Delaware. If any provision herein is deemed by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unlawful or unenforceable, it will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. The section headings are for convenience only and do not have any force or effect.

AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE
Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use or use of this website shall be settled by binding arbitration in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate W. R. Berkley Corporation or another member of the Company’s intellectual property rights, we may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in New York, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Any such controversy or claim shall be arbitrated on an individual basis, and shall not be consolidated in any arbitration with any claim or controversy of any other party. You agree that the arbitration shall be conducted in Greenwich, Connecticut and that any action to enforce this arbitration provision will be brought in the federal or state courts located in Connecticut. Either you or W. R. Berkley Corporation may seek any interim or preliminary relief from a state or federal court of competent jurisdiction in Connecticut, as may be necessary to protect the rights or property of you or W. R. Berkley Corporation pending the completion of arbitration. You agree that, if you are not the prevailing party in such arbitration, you will bear its cost.

UPDATES
W. R. Berkley Corporation reserves the right to change these Terms of Use in order to address future developments of W. R. Berkley Corporation, the Company, or the website, or changes in industry or legal trends.

Terms of Use Last updated: February 10, 2014

WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
OVERVIEW
This website is owned and maintained by W. R. Berkley Corporation ("Berkley" "we", "us," or "our"), of the W. R. Berkley Corporation (the "Company"). This Website Privacy Policy ("Policy") sets forth W. R. Berkley Corporation’s data collection and use policies with respect to visitors to this website. By using this website, you acknowledge your acceptance of this Policy.

This Policy applies only to information received and collected by W. R. Berkley Corporation through this website.

W. R. Berkley Corporation respects the privacy of our website visitors, and we are committed to protecting our visitors' personal information. We want you to understand how and why we collect, use, and disclose the information we obtain about you from this website.

W. R. BERKLEY CORPORATION’S USE OF PERSONAL AND NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED ONLINE
Two types of information may be collected online: personal information and non-personal information. Personal information is information that identifies or can be readily associated with a particular individual, such as a name, age, phone number, address, Social Security number, driver's license number, or email address. Non-personal information is information that does not identify an individual and cannot be readily associated with a particular individual.

This website will never ask you to provide any personally identifiable information and you should refrain from providing any such information to us through this website.

Certain non-personal information is automatically collected when you visit our website. For example, we may collect information to track the number of visitors we receive and the way that visitors navigate the website. Information collected may include the date and time you accessed the website, the page or pages you visited and images you accessed, the name of any other website that referred you to the W. R. Berkley Corporation website, as well as your IP address, operating system, browser type, and type of computer. We may share this aggregated information with our affiliates and/or third parties. We reserve the right to use non-personal information in order to investigate unlawful conduct and/or breaches of this Policy and this website's Terms of Use.

Data may be gathered using cookies and other similar technologies. A "cookie" is a piece of data that a web server may place on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies are commonly used by websites to improve the user experience. Many cookies last only through a single website session, or visit. Others may have an expiration date, or may remain on your computer until you delete them. Our cookies will track only your activity relating to your online activity on this website. Our cookies do not gather personal information.

We may use cookies on this website for a number of purposes – for example, to maintain continuity during a user session, to gather data about the usage of our website for research and other purposes, to store your preferences for certain kinds of information and marketing offers, or to store a user name or encrypted identification number so that you do not have to provide this information every time you return to our website. We may also use other companies to set cookies on this website in order to gather cookie information for us, and we use such cookie information in the same manner as stated above.

You can decide if and how your computer will accept a cookie by configuring your preferences or options in your browser. You may change your browser settings to either reject cookies or notify you when a cookie is about to be placed on your computer. However, if you choose to reject cookies, you may not be able to use certain of our website's features.

W. R. Berkley Corporation also collects IP addresses as part of our efforts to maintain and improve the website. IP addresses are usually identified and logged automatically whenever a visitor accesses the website. The time of the visit and the page(s) visited may also be logged.

HOW WE PROTECT INFORMATION
W. R. Berkley Corporation strives to protect the privacy of any communications we receive from customers. However, the Internet is not a secure medium. We cannot make any guarantee as to the privacy of communication over the Internet, nor assume any responsibility for any harm sustained by the sending of personal or confidential information over the Internet.

LIMITATIONS
This Policy applies only to information collected through this website. It does not apply to any information you provide to websites on which W. R. Berkley Corporation advertises, nor does it apply to information we collect through other communications with you, including e-mail communications, phone calls, or non-electronic written communications.

CHANGES TO OUR ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
W. R. Berkley Corporation reserves the right to change this Policy at any time without notice. Depending on the nature of the change, we may or may not announce the change on the home page of the W. R. Berkley Corporation website. You can determine when this Policy was last revised by referring to the "Last Updated Date" below. It is your responsibility to visit the link at the bottom of the home page of this website to periodically review the most current version of this Policy.

Any changes to this Policy are effective upon the posting of the revised Policy on the W. R. Berkley Corporation website. By continuing to use this website following such changes, you will be deemed to have agreed to the changes. If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy, as it may be amended from time to time, in whole or part, please do not continue using this website.

CONTACTING US
If you have any questions or comments about our Online Privacy Policy, or would like to learn more about how we protect privacy, please contact us at SMansolillo@wrberkley.com.

Privacy Policy Last Updated: February 10, 2014

NEW YORK CONFIDENTIALITY PROTOCOLS FOR VICTIMS OF DOMESTIC VIOLENCE AND ENDANGERED INDIVIDUALS
New York Insurance Law Section §2612 prohibits insurers from taking certain actions against a person solely on the basis that he/she is a victim of domestic violence and requires insurers to establish certain confidentiality protocols for these individuals. Specifically, this law states that if a victim of domestic violence covered by an insurance policy delivers to the insurer that issued the policy, a valid order of protection against the policyholder or other person covered under the same policy, the insurer is prohibited for the duration of the order from disclosing to the policyholder or other covered person the address and telephone number of the victim, or of any person providing covered services to the victim. If the victim is a child, then the confidentiality rights established by this law also extend to the parent or guardian of the child.

If you are a victim of domestic violence and are covered by an insurance policy issued by us, you may provide us with an alternate address, telephone number or other method of contact. If you have a valid order of protection against another person covered by the same insurance policy issued by us, then you may provide us with a copy of the order, asking that we not disclose your contact information to such other person.

Any alternate contact information or order of protection may be sent to us by sending that information to the following address:

Chief Compliance Office
W. R. Berkley Corporation
475 Steamboat Road
Greenwich, CT 06830

For additional information, you may also contact the New York State Domestic Violence Hotline at (800) 942-6906.

W. R. BERKLEY CORPORATION LEGAL AND LICENSING INFORMATION
Products and services are written or provided by subsidiaries and affiliates of W. R. Berkley Corporation. Each operating unit of W. R. Berkley Corporation writes on behalf of one or more of statutory insurance companies. For further detail and important legal information, please click here.