Privacy Policy
At IRET we are fully committed to the protection and security of the information provided to us by you, our clients, and others who use our Web site. We want you to be comfortable and confident about your privacy, so you can enjoy participating in our online offerings and so that we can better serve your needs.

Our Privacy Statement discloses what you will want to know about our approach to privacy and how your personal information is collected and used. Your use of our Web site constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Statement and your consent to the practices it describes.

What information we collect:
Your “personally identifiable information”, that is, your name, address, phone number and email, is only requested in order for you to be able pay your rent via ACH, credit card or debit card. We do not collect any personally identifiable information unless you voluntarily provide it. As part of the provision of these services, we may receive or collect certain information about account transactions for use in payment transaction processing. Information collected and used in connection with the provision of our services to our customers is stored and transmitted as provided by the PCI Security Industry Standard.

As is the case when you visit most Web sites, to administer our site, your visit triggers the automatic logging of certain anonymous information about your computer system such as the type of browser you use, the server name and your “IP” (Internet Protocol) address. (When your web browser or email application requests a web page or email from another computer using the Internet, it automatically gives that computer your computer’s “address” so it knows where it should send the information. This is called your computer’s “IP address.”) This anonymous information does not contain any personally identifiable information about you.

We protect your information:
We protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information by using industry-recognized security safeguards such as firewalls, coupled with carefully developed security procedures to protect your information from loss, misuse or unauthorized alteration.

Our employees are trained and required to safeguard your information and, using physical, electronic and procedural safeguards, we restrict access to personal information to those employees and agents for business purposes only. Additionally, we use internal and external resources to frequently review the adequacy of our security procedures.

You need to know, however, that due to the open communication nature of the Internet we cannot guarantee that communication between you and us, and between us and you, will be free from unauthorized access by third parties nor can we be responsible for information stolen from our servers by information harvesting software which may have the ability to scrape data.

We tell you how we intend to use your information:
When we ask you for information, we tell you, or it will be clear, what we need to fulfill your request and how we use it.

We do not sell or rent your personal information:
Aside from our own real estate affiliates, we do not share your personal information with third parties for promotional use without your consent. You control what marketing information you receive from us.

We may, however, have to disclose, transfer, sell or assign your information obtained through this Web site, or otherwise in our possession, to a third party as a result of a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or liquidation of IRET. We may also have to make information obtained through this Web site, or otherwise in our possession, available to law enforcement personnel and agencies when requested to do so or as required by law.

Cookie Technology:
Cookie technology is employed on certain pages when you access our site at user’s option. The purpose of cookies is to better serve our users. In case you did not know, “cookies” are small text files sent by Web servers to be stored on the drive of Web site users. These files often contain personalization settings or unique identifiers, to keep track of your information and to help us understand the movements of users within and between Web sites.

Retention time
The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that IRET suspend or remove the data to the extent permitted by applicable laws.

Terms
IRET Properties reserves the right to change the terms and conditions relating to refunds at any time. If a material change is made to this Privacy Statement and/or the way we use our customers’ personally identifiable information, then we will post prominent notice of the nature of such a change on the first page of this Privacy Statement.

Privacy Statement Changes:
We reserve the right to change or amend our Privacy Statement to address new issues of privacy and information security and to reflect changes to our Web site or business practices. Any new changes and/or amendments will be noted on our Home Page and will always be posted in this section of the IRET Web site.

Questions about our Privacy and Information Security Practices?
If you have any questions about our privacy statement, the practices of our Web site, or your dealings with our Web site, you may contact us at info@iret.com or

IRET
1400 31st Ave SW, Suite 60
PO Box 1988
Minot, ND 58702-1988