Home
 Page
SHARE
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
linkedIn
Pinterest
Email
PRIVACY POLICY / DATA PROTECTION
ALERE

PRIVACY POLICY

1. INTRODUCTION

1.1 In the course of Alere’s business in the Territories (the Territories covered by this Privacy Policy are Australia, New Zealand and Pacific Islands) there are circumstances where Alere collects personal information and the Alere Privacy Policy has been developed to ensure that such information is handled appropriately.

1.2 Alere is committed to complying with relevant laws in the Territories i.e the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act) and the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) (for Australia), the Privacy Act 1993 and the privacy Codes of Practice (CoPs) (for New Zealand), and the relevant privacy laws for the Pacific Islands, collectively referred to as the Applicable Regulations, in relation to personal information it collects. This commitment is demonstrated in this Privacy Policy.

1.3 Personal information held by Alere will be treated in accordance with the Applicable Regulations.

1.4 This Policy also sets out the broad controls which Alere has adopted to govern the way it uses personal information, the circumstances in which it might disclose personal information to third parties, how persons can access their personal information held by Alere and what they can do if they are unhappy with Alere's treatment of their personal information.

2. WHO DOES THE ALERE PRIVACY POLICY APPLY TO?

2.1 This Policy applies to any person for whom Alere currently holds, or may in the future collect, personal information.

3. WHAT INFORMATION DOES THE ALERE PRIVACY POLICY APPLY TO?

3.1 This Policy applies to personal information. In broad terms, ‘personal information’ is information or opinions relating to an identifiable individual.

3.2 This Policy does not apply to acts and practices which relate directly to the employee records of Alere’s current and former employees. Alere has a separate employee Privacy Policy.

4. WHAT INFORMATION IS NOT PERSONAL INFORMATION?

4.1 Information is not personal information where Alere has removed any reference to a person, provided that the identity of the person can no longer be ascertained from the information.

4.2 Alere may use this information for its own purposes and commercial gain. For example, the fact that Alere sold a certain amount of products to a particular region in any Territory is not personal information.

5. HOW DOES ALERE MANAGE THE PERSONAL INFORMATION IT COLLECTS?

5.1 Alere manages and secures the personal information it collects by using reasonable physical, technical and administrative safeguards and procedures. These safeguards and procedures include but are not limited to:

(a) use of appropriate encryption, password, and other protections for information held electronically;

(b) only providing necessary personnel access to personal information;

(c) regularly providing staff training on privacy issues;

(d) implementing various procedures to assist employees in alerting customers to potential privacy issues before personal information is collected;

(e) regularly reviewing its privacy compliance; and

(f) appointing privacy officers within Alere organisations to monitor privacy compliance.

5.2 The personal information collected by Alere is stored in a variety of ways in order to most effectively provide products and services. Storage methods include:

(a) paper files;

(b) on an overseas server administered by third parties;

(c) on public or private clouds administered by third parties;

(d) in servers used by other Alere entities; or

5.3 In some cases personal information will be stored exclusively in the country of origin in order to comply with customer or other requirements.

5.4 Alere will take all reasonable steps to ensure that all personal information held by Alere is secure from any unauthorised access or disclosure. However, Alere does not guarantee that personal information cannot be accessed by an unauthorised person (e.g. a hacker) or that unauthorised disclosures will not occur.

5.5 Alere will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify personal information if that information is no longer needed.

5.6 You may ask us to use a pseudonym or remain anonymous when providing personal information to us. However, by withholding personal information or using a pseudonym we may not be able to provide a service or part of a service to you.

6. WHAT KINDS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY ALERE COLLECT AND HOLD?

6.1 Alere collects personal information in order to effectively provide products and services. Only information necessary to provide such products and services is collected.

6.2 Alere may collect and hold personal information such as:

(a) contact, identification and demographic details (for example, names, street addresses, postal addresses, telephone numbers, email addresses, date and place of birth, next of kin details, emergency contact numbers, occupation, gender, language, nationality);

(b) financial information (for example credit card details and account numbers); and

(c) sensitive information which includes health information.

7. WHAT SENSITIVE INFORMATION MAY ALERE COLLECT AND HOLD?

7.1 ‘Sensitive information’ is a subset of personal information and includes personal information that may have serious ramifications for the individual concerned if used inappropriately.

7.2 The sensitive information Alere may collect and hold about an individual may include:

(a) health and medical information;

(b) information regarding racial origins, ethnic origins, or other sensitive information relevant to health Risk Factors.

8. HOW AND WHEN DOES ALERE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION?

8.1 Alere usually collects personal information in a variety of ways, and often from a third party, in the course of conducting its businesses, including:

(a) from its clients when it provides products or services to those clients (for example, Alere may collect a client’s personal credit card details, email address, name, date of birth and other contact information);

(b) when responding to questions regarding Alere’s products or services;

(c) when interacting with people via Alere’s website; and

(d) when conducting marketing and business development events.

8.2 Where reasonable and practicable, Alere will collect personal information directly from the person and inform the person that this is being done.

9. WHAT ARE THE PURPOSES ALERE COLLECTS, HOLDS, USES OR DISCLOSES THE PERSONAL INFORMATION?

9.1 Alere will use and disclose personal information for the primary purpose for which it is collected.

9.2 Personal information may also be used or disclosed by Alere for secondary purposes which are within the individual’s reasonable expectations and which are related to the primary purpose of collection.

9.3 Alere collects personal information to assist it in providing the client with their chosen product or service. The following are some reasons why Alere collects personal information for some of its products and services:

(a) Trouble-shooting reported problems, education and other support for Alere’s diagnostic and laboratory tests;

(b) Other medical products and services – products and services designed to assist the individual with medical solutions.

9.4 Alere holds personal information for the primary purpose for which it was collected.

9.5 Alere respects the individual’s privacy concerns when personal information is disclosed and will take reasonable steps to keep it strictly confidential.

9.6 Alere will disclose personal information to third parties if it is necessary to perform a service for which the primary purpose of the information was collected, or for a related secondary purpose, if the disclosure could be reasonably expected. For example, Alere may share personal information with suppliers and other parties to allow delivery of the product or service. Where such a disclosure is necessary, Alere will take reasonable steps to ensure the third party treats the personal information in accordance with the Applicable Regulations.

9.7 Alere may use personal information to send newsletters, to inform individuals about special offers or events, or for marketing purposes. Individuals can choose not to receive such communications.

9.8 Alere may also buy, sell, merge or restructure its business or assets and personal information may be transferred as part of that change.

9.9 Otherwise, Alere will only disclose personal information to third parties without the relevant individual’s consent if the disclosure is permitted by Applicable Regulations.

10. WHY DOES ALERE USE COOKIES?

10.1 The use of cookie technology allows Alere to collect information such as browser type and geographical location as well as to identify and understand the navigation of visitors to the Alere web site.

10.2 Alere uses cookies to:

(a) maximize the efficiency of a web site visit by delivering customised content and advertising;

(b) gauge the effectiveness of the site’s customised marketing materials; and

(c) investigate or take action regarding any unlawful activities.

10.3 Alere does not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about a person. However, a person can choose to reject or block the cookies set by Alere by changing the browser settings. Please note that most browsers automatically accept cookies. To ensure cookies are not used, the user needs to actively delete or block the cookies.

11. WILL ALERE DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION OVERSEAS?

11.1 From time to time, Alere may disclose all personal information it collects to overseas recipients in order to effectively provide products and services.

11.2 Alere is also part of an international family of companies and personal information may be transferred between various Alere databases maintained in the United States of America or other overseas locations.

11.3 An individual’s personal information will not be disclosed to the overseas recipient unless Alere is satisfied that the receiving party provides commitments to privacy and confidentiality which are consistent with this Policy and the Applicable Regulations.

11.4 If personal information is disclosed to overseas recipients, the countries where such recipients are likely to be located include:

(a) Australia;

(b) Countries in the European Union;

(c) Israel;

(d) Japan;

(e) Korea;

(f) New Zealand;

(g) the Pacific Islands; and

(h) the United States of America.

12. HOW DOES ALERE MANAGE CREDIT INFORMATION?

What kinds of credit information might Alere collect?

12.1 In the course of providing an individual with products or services, Alere might collect and hold the following kinds of credit information:

(a) identification information;

(b) information about any credit that has been provided; and

(c) any publicly available information.

12.2 Alere does not generally collect credit information from credit reporting bodies.

12.3 Alere might collect personal information which may affect an individual’s credit worthiness from other credit providers that has been collected from a credit reporting body. The kinds of personal information Alere might collect include any of those kinds of personal information outlined in section 6.2 of this policy.

How and when does Alere collect credit information?

12.4 In most cases, Alere will collect credit information about an individual from the individual or their trade referees.

12.5 Other sources Alere may collect credit information from include:

(a) banks and other credit providers; and

(b) any other suppliers and creditors.

12.6 Alere does not collect and hold credit information from credit reporting bodies unless it is incidentally collected in providing the product or service to the individual.

How does Alere store and hold the credit information?

12.7 Alere stores and holds credit information in the same manner as outlined in section Error! Reference source not found. of this policy.

Why does Alere collect credit information?

12.8 Alere’s usual purpose for collecting, holding, using and disclosing credit information about an individual is to determine if Alere will provide the individual with credit in connection with its products and services.

12.9 Alere may also collect the credit information to process payments.

Overseas disclosure of the credit information

12.10 Alere is part of an international family of companies and it is possible that credit information be transferred between various Alere databases maintained in the United States of America or overseas locations.

12.11 If credit information is disclosed to overseas recipients, the countries where such recipients are likely to be located are outlined in section 11.4 of this policy.

12.12 Alere takes all reasonable steps to keep credit information secure.

How can a person access their credit information, correct errors or make a complaint?

12.13 An individual can access and correct their credit information, or complain about a breach of your privacy in the same manner as set out in section Error! Reference source not found. of this policy.

13. HOW YOU CAN ACCESS AND CORRECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?

13.1 A person may request to access or correct personal information about them held by Alere. Alere will take reasonable steps to ensure the personal information it holds is accurate and complete. Such a request can be made using the following contact details:

Address: 12 Mowbray Tce

East Brisbane, QLD 4169

Telephone number: +61 7 3363 7100 or

1800 622 642 Aus Free Call Number

0800 466 951 NZ Free Call Number

Contact person: Privacy Officer

Email address: au.enquiries@alere.com

13.2 Alere will generally grant a person access to their personal information as soon as possible. There may be certain circumstances where it is not possible to provide access, (for example providing access would have an unreasonable impact on the privacy of another person), and in such cases Alere will provide an explanation as to why it is not possible to provide access.

13.3 Alere may charge a fee for reasonable costs incurred in responding to an access request. The fee (if any) will be disclosed prior to it being levied.

14. HOW CAN YOU COMPLAIN ABOUT A BREACH OF PRIVACY?

14.1 A person can complain about a breach of privacy by contacting Alere by any methods listed below:

Contact Person: Alere Privacy Officer

By telephone: +61 7 3363 7100

1800 622 642 Aus Free Call Number

0800 466 951 NZ Free Call Number

By email: au.enquiries@alere.com

By mail: Alere

12 Mowbray Tce

East Brisbane, QLD 4169

14.2 If the person is not satisfied with the response by Alere and an agreement cannot be reached with Alere, the complaint can then be taken to an external dispute resolution scheme or an appropriate body such as the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.

15. CHANGES TO THE POLICY

15.1 Alere may update, modify or remove this Policy at any time without prior notice. Any changes to the privacy Policy will be published on Alere’s website.

15.2 This Policy is effective from 10 March 2016