PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for visiting The Tejon Ranch Company. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.

The Information We Collect 
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include: name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and information about your interest in or questions about The Tejon Ranch Company.

We also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit our site, such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows or Mac OS), and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, Earthlink).

How We Use the Information 
We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests and/or to respond to your inquiries. We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to analyze site usage.

We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request.

Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice. Inadvertent disclosures may result, for example, when third parties misrepresent their identities in asking the site for access to personally identifiable information about themselves for purposes of correcting possible factual errors in the data.

The Tejon Ranch Company will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above.

Cookies
To enhance your experience, many of our web pages use “cookies.” Cookies are text files we place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our site.

Our Commitment to Security 
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.

How to Contact Us 
If you have any questions or concerns about The Tejon Ranch Company’s policy for this site or its implementation you may contact us via our Contact Us page.