Macquarie Investment Management privacy practices notice
We are committed to protecting the privacy of our potential, current and former customers. The way that we use your personal information is discussed in our official privacy practices notice.

Below, we first discuss our web privacy practices. Next, we discuss broader privacy issues as set forth in our official privacy practices notice. If you want to skip the web-related privacy discussion, please click here to jump ahead to our official privacy practices notice.

Web privacy disclosure
What personal information we collect

When you log in to your Delaware Funds by Macquarie account online, we may collect certain personal information about the web pages you visit and the products you view, including your name, email address, and associated firm (if applicable).

We also allow users to subscribe to quarterly fact sheets and a few other non-public sections of the website.

We also may collect certain non-personal information about you, such as how long you visited our webpage.

We also allow you to review and request changes to the personal information we collect about you through our website, such as information on a user’s profile page (if applicable). To make a change, please update your information on your profile page when you log in or call the sales desk (877 693-3546) and ask to speak to an internal consultant.

How we use your personal information

The personal information we collect when you visit our website allows us to understand your use of our website and to advise you of any products or services that may be of interest to you. It helps us to improve our services, content and marketing. We also use the personal information we collect from your visits to our website to develop, deliver, and improve our products, services, content, marketing, and website.

If you do not want your information tracked, please disable cookies when visiting our website.

Disclosure to third parties

We do not disclose personal information collected from your visits to our website to third parties, other than to service providers in accordance with our privacy notice issued to you pursuant to Regulation S-P, 17 CFR Part 248, et seq.

Third party sites and services

Our website may contain links to third-party websites, products, and services. Information collected by third parties, which may include such things as personal information, is governed by the third parties privacy practices. You should review the privacy practices of any third party whose website you visit via a link on our website to understand their policies and privacy practices. Personal information we collect based on your visit to our website is not disclosed to any third party sites you link to from our website.

Changes to our privacy policy

From time to time we may update or revise our web privacy policy. To the extent we make any material changes to our policy, we will notify you the next time you visit our site.

Official privacy practices notice
We are committed to protecting the privacy of our potential, current, and former customers. To provide the products and services you request, we must collect personal information about you. We do not sell your personal information to third parties. We collect your personal information and share it with third parties as necessary to provide you with the products or services you request and to administer your business with us. This notice describes our current privacy practices. While your relationship with us continues, we will update and send our privacy practices notice as required by law. Even after that relationship ends, we will continue to protect your personal information. You do not need to take any action because of this notice.

Information we may collect and use
We collect personal information about you to help us identify you as our potential, current, or former customer; to process your requests and transactions; to offer investment services to you; or to tell you about our products or services we believe you may want to use. The type of personal information we collect depends on the products or services you request and may include the following:

Information from you: When you submit your application or other forms or request information on our products (online or otherwise), you give us information such as your name, address, Social Security number, and your financial history.
Information about your transactions: We keep information about your transactions with us, such as the products you buy from us; the amount you paid for those products; your investment activity; and your account balances.
Information from your employer: In connection with administering your retirement plan, we may obtain information about you from your employer.
Information received from third parties: In order to verify your identity or to prevent fraud, we may obtain information about you from third parties.
How we use your personal information
We do not disclose nonpublic personal information about our potential, current, and former customers unless allowed or required by law. We may share your personal information within our companies and with certain service providers. They use this information to process transactions you have requested; provide customer service; and inform you of products or services we offer that you may find useful. Our service providers may or may not be affiliated with us. They include financial service providers (for example, third-party administrators; broker/dealers; and other financial services companies with whom we have joint marketing agreements). Our service providers also include nonfinancial companies and individuals (for example, consultants; information services vendors; and companies that perform mailing or marketing services on our behalf). Information obtained from a report prepared by a service provider may be kept by the service provider and shared with other persons; however, we require our service providers to protect your personal information and to use or disclose it only for the work they are performing for us, or as permitted by law.

We also may provide information to regulatory authorities, law enforcement officials, and others to prevent fraud or when we believe in good faith that the law requires disclosure. In the event of a sale of all or part of our businesses, we may share customer information as part of the sale. We do not sell or share your information with outside marketers who may want to offer you their own products and services.

Security of information
Keeping your information safe is one of our most important responsibilities. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your information. Our employees are authorized to access your information only when they need it to provide you with products and services or to maintain your accounts. Employees who have access to your personal information are required to keep it strictly confidential. We provide training to our employees about the importance of protecting the privacy of your information.

Macquarie Investment Management (MIM), a member of Macquarie Group, refers to the companies comprising the asset management division of Macquarie Group. Macquarie Group refers to Macquarie Group Limited and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide.

Other than Macquarie Bank Limited (MBL), none of the entities noted are authorized deposit-taking institutions for the purposes of the Banking Act 1959 (Commonwealth of Australia). The obligations of these entities do not represent deposits or other liabilities of MBL. MBL does not guarantee or otherwise provide assurance in respect of the obligations of these entities, unless noted otherwise.

This privacy practices notice is being provided on behalf of the following:
Macquarie Alternative Strategies
Macquarie Asset Advisers
Delaware Capital Management
Delaware Capital Management Advisers, Inc.
Delaware Distributors, Inc.
Delaware Distributors, L.P.
Macquarie Investment Management Advisers
Delaware Investments Advisers Partner, Inc.
Delaware Investments Distribution Partner, Inc.
Delaware Funds by Macquarie
Delaware Enhanced Global Dividend and Income Fund
Delaware Group® Adviser Funds
Delaware Group Cash Reserve
Delaware Group Equity Funds I
Delaware Group Equity Funds II
Delaware Group Equity Funds IV
Delaware Group Equity Funds V
Delaware Group Foundation Funds
Delaware Group Global & International Funds
Delaware Group Government Fund
Delaware Group Income Funds
Delaware Group Limited-Term Government Funds
Delaware Group State Tax-Free Income Trust
Delaware Group Tax-Free Fund
Delaware Investments® Colorado Municipal Income Fund, Inc.
Delaware Investments Dividend and Income Fund, Inc.
Delaware Investments Minnesota Municipal Income Fund II, Inc.
Delaware Investments National Municipal Income Fund
Delaware Pooled® Trust
Delaware VIP® Trust
Voyageur Insured Funds
Voyageur Intermediate Tax Free Funds
Voyageur Mutual Funds
Voyageur Mutual Funds II
Voyageur Mutual Funds III
Voyageur Tax Free Funds
Delaware Investments Fund Advisers
Delaware Investments Fund Services Company
Macquarie Absolute Return MBS Fund, LP
Macquarie Absolute Return Real Estate Fund (Cayman), Ltd.
Macquarie Absolute Return Real Estate Fund (Master), Ltd.
Macquarie Absolute Return Real Estate Fund, L.P.
Macquarie Real Estate Absolute Return Partners, Inc.
Delaware Investments Management Company, LLC
Delaware Management Company
Delaware Management Trust Company
Delaware Service Company, Inc.
Four Corners Capital Management, LLC
Macquarie Allegiance Capital, LLC
Macquarie Collective Funds plc
Macquarie Fund Solutions
Macquarie Funds Management Hong Kong Limited
Optimum Fund Trust
Retirement Financial Services, Inc.
Macquarie Investments Management General Partner, Inc.
Macquarie Multi-Cap Growth Fund, L.P.
Macquarie Small Cap Growth Fund, L.P.
Revised February 2018

[421052]