Privacy Policy
Farmer Mac recognizes the importance of maintaining the privacy of your personal and financial information. We are committed to privacy practices that protect the confidentiality and security of this information. Our information practices for personal and financial information you enter or that we collect exclusively through your use of the farmermac.com website are set forth below. This policy only applies to information collected through farmermac.com.

Information We Collect

We do not collect any personal information about you, such as your name or e-mail address, when you visit farmermac.com unless you give us that information. However, we do collect information about your internet connection. If you visit farmermac.com to read or download information, we may collect and store:

the name of the internet domain and host from which you access the internet;
the internet protocol (IP) address of the host server you are using;
the name and version of your web browser;
the type of operating system in use;
the date and time you access farmermac.com;
the pages you visit on farmermac.com; and
if you visited farmermac.com through a link from some other website, the internet address of the website from which you linked to us.
This information does not identify you personally because the information is not directly traceable back to a specific person. We use this information for general statistical modeling, to measure the number of visitors to different pages on farmermac.com and to modify farmermac.com to make farmermac.com more helpful to users of the website. We also use this information to monitor network traffic and to identify unauthorized access or unusual activity on farmermac.com. We do not sell this information to third party companies.

Generally, we do not use “cookies” (small text files placed on your computer’s hard drive) on farmermac.com. On occasion, some areas of farmermac.com may use a cookie that captures no personally identifiable information. For example, we may use a cookie in order to log which pages you visit on farmermac.com or to provide certain features during your visit to farmermac.com. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies to store information. You can set your browser to refuse to accept cookies; however, some enhancement features of farmermac.com may not function properly if you do this.

Information You Provide

If you send us an e-mail or message and provide your name or other personal and financial information, we may keep this information. We may use this information to send an answer to your question or deliver requested information to you. We also may use information that you provide to measure general statistics about visits to farmermac.com and interest in particular areas. We do not sell this information to third party companies. By sending an e-mail or making a request or inquiry, you agree to permit Farmer Mac to keep and use the information you have given us consistent with this policy.

If you enter personal and financial information into a calculator offered on farmermac.com, that information is not seen or received by Farmer Mac. The calculator’s functions are performed by your computer and the results are displayed in your browser and viewable only by you.

If you enter information in an online form to register as a user of the “Approved Seller” or “Collateral Valuation” section of farmermac.com, we may keep this information. We may use the business information that you provide in the registration to verify your eligibility to use these restricted areas of farmermac.com. We do not sell the information you provide in this manner to third party companies. Except as described in this paragraph and in the following paragraph, this privacy policy statement does not apply to information provided to us by business entities, even if the information is transmitted to us through farmermac.com.

If you are a business entity and you use farmermac.com in the course of business with Farmer Mac, the information that you submit may be used and disclosed in the same ways as information that we receive outside of farmermac.com. For example, information you provide concerning borrowers whose loans Farmer Mac purchases may be disclosed to certain third parties such as loan servicers and foreclosure attorneys to process and administer a loan or protect our interest in a loan. Farmer Mac requires servicers and other third parties to follow appropriate security and confidentiality standards to protect borrower information. In addition, information about borrowers that you provide may be aggregated and used for risk management, predicting borrower creditworthiness, establishing loan-to-value ratios and evaluating borrower defaults. Farmer Mac releases borrower information when required by law or regulation, such as to respond to a subpoena or other judicial process or to comply with requests from our regulators.

Farmer Mac does not sell or disclose the information received concerning loan Sellers or borrowers whose loans it purchases to third party companies for marketing purposes.

Links to Other Websites

Our website may contain links to third party websites. Our privacy policy does not apply to these linked sites. After you link to another website, you are subject to that website’s privacy policy. We generally have no control over the way in which the sponsors of the third party sites collect and use information. Therefore, we recommend that you review the posted privacy statements on any website you visit.

Security

Farmer Mac has adopted policies and practices designed to protect the security and confidentiality of personal information, to protect against anticipated threats and hazards to security and integrity of the information and to protect against unauthorized access to or use of the information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience. Farmer Mac uses a variety of security measures to protect the transmission of information submitted to us through farmermac.com. Although we strive to maintain the privacy of personal information, data transmission over the internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure from interception. Farmer Mac cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.

Changes to Privacy Policy

We reserve the right to revise or change this privacy policy in the future. Any changes to our policy will be clearly and conspicuously posted on farmermac.com.

 

Please contact us through the website or by calling 1-800-879-3276 if you have a question about the way that your information is used or about Farmer Mac’s information practices with respect to farmermac.com.

Last updated: September 2003