AAR Corp.

Effective as of May 25, 2018

www.aarcorp.com (the "Site"), is brought to you by AAR Corp. “AARCorp” or “AAR”, or “we” or “us” refers to AAR Corp. and our subsidiaries, affiliates, joint ventures and other corporate entities under common ownership and/or any of their agents, consultants, employees, officers and directors. This Privacy Statement describes the types of information we collect on the Site, how we use such information and to whom and under what circumstances we may disclose it.

By accessing the Site on any computer, mobile phone, tablet, or other device, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to this Privacy Statement, please do not use the Site.

We may modify this Privacy Statement at any time and will post the current version on the Site. We encourage you to periodically review our Privacy Statement to stay informed about how we are using the information we collect.

INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
Information That You Give Us

We collect personal data from you when you submit information to us, including by:

subscribing to AAR Corp. updates;
signing up for emails;
contacting us (including by leaving feedback);
participating in a Site survey; or
registering for various AAR web applications.
In some jurisdictions, individuals may have the right to withdraw consent from certain uses. If you reside in such jurisdictions, you may have additional rights which are detailed in the section entitled “How to Access, Update and Manage Your Information.”

Information We Collect Automatically

When you visit the Site, we may collect certain information from you, including your:

Internet Protocol (IP) address;
MAC address;
browser type;
operating system;
device identifying information;
the specific web pages visited during your connection; and
the domain name from which you accessed the Site.
In addition, we may collect information about your browsing behavior, such as the date and time you visit the Site, the areas or pages of the Site that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing the Site, the number of times you return to the Site and other clickstream data. We may also use non-personal or aggregated information for statistical analysis, research, and other purposes.

Like many commercial websites, we analyze how visitors use our Site through what is known as "cookie" technology. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer when you access the Site and allows us to recognize you each time you visit the Site. We may use cookies to:

monitor Site usage;
manage the Site; and
improve the Site and our services.
If you choose, you can set your browser to reject cookies or you can manually delete individual or all of the cookies on your computer by following your browser’s help file directions. However, if your browser is set to reject cookies or you manually delete cookies, you may have some trouble accessing and using some of the pages and features that are currently on our Site, or that we may put on our Site in the future. Note that browser management tools for cookies are outside of our control and we cannot guarantee their effectiveness.

HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We primarily use the information that we collect to provide you with information and services. Specifically, we may use the information we collect from, and about, you (including your personal data) for any of the following purposes:

to fulfill your requests for our services;
to respond to your inquiries;
to operate, improve and optimize the Site, our business or our services;
to review Site usage and operations;
to address problems with the Site, our business or our services;
to protect the security or integrity of the Site and our business;
to monitor the Site for compliance with our Terms and Conditions and the law;
to notify you of new services, updates, newsletters and other informational and promotional materials from us; and
to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes we may have with you or others, and to enforce our agreements with third parties; and
to conduct research.
If you do not wish to receive communications from us about special offers and promotions, please see the section entitled “Opting Out of Promotional Emails.”

HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
With Your Consent

We may disclose information collected from, and about, you (including your personal data) with companies, organizations or individuals outside of AAR Corp. with your express consent.

Without Your Consent

We may share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about Site users with third parties without consent.

For External Processing

We may disclose information collected from, and about, you (including your personal data) with companies, organizations or individuals outside of AAR Corp. to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Statement and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Such disclosures may be made to our related companies and service providers to perform a business, professional, or technical support function for us.

For Legal Reasons

We may share information collected from, and about you (including your personal data) with companies, organizations or individuals outside of AAR Corp. if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:

meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request;
respond to legal process (such as a Search Warrant, subpoena or court order)
enforce our Terms and Conditions, including investigation of potential violations;
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; or
protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of AAR Corp., third parties, our customers, or the public as required or permitted by law.
In Connection with a Sale or Merger of AAR Corp.

If AAR Corp. undergoes a business transition (including proposed transactions), like a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or part its assets, we may disclose or transfer information collected from, and about, you (including your personal data), to the successor organization in the transition. We will make reasonable efforts to let you and other players know (in the way described in the section entitled “Changes to This Privacy Statement”) of the business transition before transferring your personal data.

HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION
How long we retain your information depends on why we collected it and how we use it. We will not retain your personal data for longer than is necessary for our business purposes or for legal requirements (unless otherwise provided in agreements between you and AAR).

HOW TO ACCESS, UPDATE AND MANAGE YOUR INFORMATION
Access, Correction, and Deletion

We respect your right to access and correct your personal data. You may exercise your rights, subject to applicable laws, to request that we delete or restrict access to your personal data. We may need to retain certain records, for example those relating to inquiries or customer service matters, for legal and accounting purposes and this will be explained to you if necessary.

If you need assistance correcting or updating your personal data or if you would like to request that we delete your personal data, please contact us using the contact information detailed in the “Contact Us” section below.

Opting Out of Promotional Emails

If you do not wish to receive communications from us about updates and services, you can opt-out of receiving these communications by following the instructions contained in the messages you receive.

Even if you opt out of receiving these messages, we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the services we provide, and we may send you service announcements and administrative messages. We do not offer you the opportunity to opt out of receiving those communications.

Opting Out of Cookie Tracking

You can set your web browser to warn you about attempts to place cookies on your computer or limit the type of cookies you allow.

If you disable cookies, you may lose some of the features and functionality of the Site because AAR Corp. cookies are necessary to track and enhance the Site and our services.

California Privacy Rights

California law permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information about our disclosure of personal data to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. This request is free and may be made once a year.

To make such a request, please write to us at the following address:

AAR Corp.
1100 North Wood Dale Road
Wood Dale, IL 60191
ATTN: Law Department
RE: California Privacy Info

SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We maintain reasonable and appropriate measures designed to maintain information we collect in a secure manner. We have taken certain physical, electronic, and administrative steps to safeguard and secure the information we collect from Site visitors. Even though we follow reasonable procedures to try to protect the information in our possession, no security system is perfect and we cannot promise, and you should not expect, that your information will be secure in all circumstances.

OUR POLICIES CONCERNING CHILDREN
We do not intentionally gather personal data about Users who are under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have collected personal data from a child under the age of 13, we will delete such data from our records.

THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Site may contain links to third-party websites, such as social media sites like Facebook and Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, etc. which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the activities and practices that take place on these websites. Accordingly, we recommend that you review the privacy statement posted on any external site before disclosing any personal data. Please contact those websites directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies.

VISITORS FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES—CROSS-BORDER TRANSFER
The Site is hosted in the United States. If you are visiting the Site from outside the United States, your information may be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States or other countries in accordance with this Privacy Statement. The data protection and other applicable laws of the United States or other countries may not be as comprehensive as those laws or regulations in your country or may otherwise differ from the data protection or consumer protection laws in your country. Your information may be available to government authorities under lawful orders and law applicable in such jurisdictions. By using the Site and/or providing personal data to us, you consent to transfer of your information to our facilities as described in this Privacy Statement.

Contact Us

If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement or how we collect and use the information of our customers, please contact us.

AAR Corp.
1100 North Wood Dale Road
Wood Dale, IL 60191
ATTN: Law Department
RE: Data Privacy

If we need, or are required, to contact you concerning any event that involves your information, we may do so by email, telephone, or mail.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE EU GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)
In addition to the notice provided above, the following notice applies to EU data subjects. In the event there is a conflict between the two, this section shall take precedence.

The Types of Personal Data That We Collect

Personal data that you provide to us.
Personal data collected by automated means. Usage Data may include, among other things, browser type, operating system, the page served, the time, etc.
Device identifiers. IP address, MAC Address or other unique identifier (“Device Identifier”) for the computer, mobile device, Wi-Fi card, technology or other device (collectively, “Device”) you use to access our products and services.
Cookies. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them).
Web beacons. Includes the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to view the page, and the data in Cookies set by third parties.
Purposes for the Processing of Personal Data; Legal Basis

To provide the Services to you, respond to requests that you make, manage our network, improve the Services, and better tailor content, advertisements, offers and the features, performance and support of the Services; and for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your personal data or otherwise with your consent.
As part of our legitimate interests, we may use records of your communications with our representatives for support, training and improvements to our Services.
Recipients of Personal Data – Third Parties Providing Services On Our Behalf.

In order to provide the Services, carry out your requests, make various features, services and materials available to you through the Services and respond to your inquiries, we may share your personal data with third parties that perform functions on our behalf, such as (a) companies or individuals that: host or operate our Sites; analyze data; provide customer service; or manage payments; (b) advertisers; and (c) sponsors or other third parties that participate in or administer our promotions or provide marketing or promotional assistance. In such cases, such third parties are not entitled to use this data for any other purpose.

 

Your Access and Choices

For questions about the collection of personal data by AAR Corp., or to exercise the right to access, correct, update, or delete such data or object, for legitimate purposes, to the processing of personal data, as provided under applicable law, please contact AAR Corp.:

 

AAR Corp.
1100 North Wood Dale Road
Wood Dale, IL 60191
ATTN: Law Department
RE: EU Privacy Info

There may be cases where restrictions on the amount of data that can be disclosed to data subjects under applicable law (for example, if that would necessarily involve disclosing data about another person). AAR Corp. is permitted to withhold some types of personal data in certain circumstances, subject to applicable local law requirements. If there is a dispute, please contact the AAR Law Department at the above address. In addition, data subjects have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. Within the United Kingdom, you may obtain more information about how to protect your rights and lodge a complaint by contacting the UK Information Commissioner’s Office, see https://www.gov.uk/data-protection/make-a-complaint.

 

Transfer of Personal Data to a Third Country; Appropriate Safeguards

Personal data collected by AAR Corp. may be stored or processed in the United States or in any other country where AAR Corp. or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or third-party service providers maintain facilities. EU data subjects who provide personal data to AAR Corp. consent to the processing and transfer of that data to the United States and around the world. AAR Corp. may execute agreements with third parties for the transfer of personal data outside of the EU using European Commission-approved Standard Contract Clauses and/or employ additional appropriate safeguards.

 

Right to Withdraw Consent

You may withdraw your consent at any time; however, AAR Corp. may not be able to provide or continue to provide Services or marketing communications to you.

 

Children

We do not intentionally gather personal data about Users who are under the age of 16. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from a child under the age of 16, we will delete such data from our records.

 

Changes to This Privacy Statement

We may change this privacy statement from time to time, including as required to keep current with rules and regulations, new technologies and security standards. When we do, we will post the change(s) on our website. If we change the statement in a material and retroactive manner, we will provide appropriate notice to you.