Privacy Statement
PACCAR appreciates your interest in its products and your visit to this Web site. Your privacy is important to us and we want you to feel comfortable visiting our sites.

You may be asked to give us personal information when you visit a Web site. It is your option to provide the information requested. These Web sites are maintained in different countries around the world, and are intended for visitors from those countries. If you give us personal information, that information will be maintained in accordance with the laws of the country in which the Web site is maintained. You should look for specific privacy information for the applicable country on those Web sites.

U.S.A. Market Only
In visiting a site, if you give us personal information in order to receive any type of information in return from us, including a vehicle brochure, catalog or information on a PACCAR program, we collect and store that information. Such personal information enables us to fulfill your information request. This information may also be used to send you additional information about our website, our products and our programs.

In visiting a site, if you review or download information, we track visits to the sites and collect the totals in order to measure the number of visitors to our Web sites. Such information is helpful to better design our Web sites for you, because we know which sites are frequented. However, we do not automatically collect your personal e-mail address simply because you visit a site. All we know, based on the information that we collect, is the number of times on a date that a particular Web site was visited.

You should also know that we do not sell any of the information about you that we have collected or stored. This also means that we would not provide it to other companies, marketers, magazines or any other third parties who are not our contractors and who have not signed a confidentiality agreement with PACCAR.

All information contained at this Internet site is intended for the USA market only. The accuracy of this information cannot be guaranteed, particularly since this information is subject to change.