Browser Information Collected on the Website: Monro may analyze our website logs to improve the value of the materials available on our website. Our website logs are not personally identifiable, and we make no attempt to link them with the individuals that actually browse the site.

Third Party Cookies and Tracking: We may utilize third party tracking software or utilities, such as Google Analytics. This helps us analyze data and improve our website and tailor it to customer needs. Third parties may use cookies and similar technologies to collect or receive anonymous data to provide measurement services and target ads.

Cookies: We may place a cookie on your hard drive in order to identify you at a later time when you return to our website. A cookie is a very small text file placed on your hard drive by a web server to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. It can not be executed as code or driver viruses. It is uniquely yours and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. The cookie that we place on your computer will contain only an identifying number that we assign to you. It will contain no other personal information. Third party cookies may also be used. You may opt out of Google’s use of cookies here, opt out of interest-based advertising here, or opt out of online behavioral advertising here.

Display Advertising: We utilize display advertising through Google Analytics and/or Facebook, which may include remarketing. Users may opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads by clicking here. Click here for the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.

Remarketing: We may use remarketing with Google Analytics and/or Facebook to advertise online. Our ads are shown on the internet through third party vendors, such as Google and Facebook. Cookies are used to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your previous visits to our website.

Links to Other Websites: Our website may contain links to other websites. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

Email Marketing: From time to time, we may send you emails with promotional offers. If you no longer would like to receive special email offers, special event information, sales notifications or other promotional messages from us, you can unsubscribe by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each promotional email. Your email address will be removed within 10 days. Otherwise, to unsubscribe write to Monro, Inc. Attn: Marketing Department, 200 Holleder Parkway, Rochester, NY 14615, send an email to custsvc@www.monro.com, or call customer service at 800-876-6676 x3500.

Policy Changes: If in the future we change our information collection practices or how we use personally identifiable information you have provided we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically. We will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward.

TIRE AND SERVICE DISCLAIMER
Tire pricing is valid only at the service location you have selected. Please print the tire page out for prices to be honored at store. Please consult with a store professional before assuming a specific tire is compatible with your vehicle as some vehicles have certain requirements. No carry outs. State/Federal taxes not included. A 9.99% charge will be added to the retail list price of all service work, not on tires, not to exceed $39 and represents costs and profits (does not apply in NY). An additional $2.90 filter or waste recycling fee applies to oil changes (does not apply in NY). Additional parts, service and labor may be required at additional cost. Coupons not valid with other offers and apply to most vehicles. Not all services and/or tires available at all locations. Certain restrictions and limitations apply. See store for complete details, including promotional and/or rebate information. Prices valid this day only.

CLAIMS ABOUT COMPETITORS EXTRA INSTALLATION CHARGES
Comparison chart is an example of us compared to a typical tire dealer that does not include any installation services in their tire pricing. This chart is just an example and does not represent any particular tire dealer or tire. $25 per tire average determined by averaging national tire chains (who charge for tire installation). This is verified and adjusted periodically via phone shops.

GENERAL
We are not responsible for typographical errors. Photos/art for illustration only.