General

National Beverage Corp respects the privacy of every individual who visits our website (the "Site"). This Privacy Policy outlines the information National Beverage Corp. may collect on our Site and how we may use that information.

Personal Data

All "personal information" ("personal information" is defined as any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains) that we collect and maintain will be subject to the version of the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of such collection. National Beverage Corp. reserves the right to change the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy. You agree to review these terms and conditions periodically to become aware of any such changes. Your continued use of the Site shall be deemed your acceptance of any changed terms and conditions.

National Beverage Corp. will not collect any personally identifiable information about you (e.g., your name, address, telephone number or email address) through our websites unless you have provided it to us voluntarily. Please do not submit personal data to us if you do not want it collected. If you do provide us with personal data, we may use that information in the following ways, unless stated otherwise: we may provide you with information about National Beverage Corp. on a regular basis; we may store and process that information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services; we (or a fulfillment house or other third party on our behalf in connection with a promotion) may use that information to contact you; and/or we may provide other third parties with aggregate – but not individual – information about visitors to or users of our sites. We do not now and do not intend to sell, rent or market personal data about you to third parties.

Your choices with respect to personal information

National Beverage Corp. recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on this Site. Without your consent, National Beverage Corp. will not communicate any information to you regarding products, services and special offers available from National Beverage Corp., although we may find it necessary to communicate with you regarding your use of the services on this Site. Except in the particular circumstances described in this Privacy Policy, National Beverage Corp. will also not provide your name to other companies or organizations without your consent.

There are other instances in which National Beverage Corp. may divulge your personal information. National Beverage Corp. may provide your personal information if necessary, in National Beverage Corp.’s good faith judgment, to comply with laws or regulations of a governmental or regulatory body or in response to a valid subpoena, warrant, or order or to protect the rights of National Beverage Corp. or others.

Also, please note that National Beverage Corp. is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other third party web sites to which this Site or any other National Beverage Corp. web site may link. You should review the privacy policy of such sites before using the sites.

Additional Information Collected Automatically

When you use the Site, National Beverage Corp. or third parties authorized by National Beverage Corp. may also collect certain technical and routing information about your computer to facilitate your use of the Site and its services. For example, we may log environmental variables, such as browser type, operating system, CPU speed, and the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer. We use these environmental variables to facilitate and track your use of the Site and its services. National Beverage Corp. also uses such environmental variables to measure traffic patterns on the Site. Without expressly informing you in each particular circumstance, we do not match such information with any of your personal information.

National Beverage Corp. may collect information about the use of the Site, such as the types of services used and how many users we receive daily. This information is collected in aggregate form, without identifying any user individually. National Beverage Corp. may use this aggregate, non-identifying statistical data for statistical analysis, marketing, or similar promotional purposes.

Use of Cookies

When you view the Site, we may store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a "Cookie" or similar file and can help us in many ways. For example, Cookies allow us to tailor a website to better match your interests and preferences. With most Internet Browsers, you can erase Cookies from your computer hard drive, block all Cookies or receive a warning before a Cookie is stored. Please refer to your Browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.

Use of IP addresses

We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information such as the number of visitors from a geographic area.

Contact Information

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us at www.nationalbeverage.com/contact-us.