Privacy Policy
Forward-Looking Statement

When used in this website, the words “intends,” “believes,” “anticipated,” “plans” and “expects” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, an inability to duplicate the clinical results demonstrated in clinical studies, timely development of any potential products that can be shown to be safe and effective, receiving necessary regulatory approvals, difficulties in manufacturing any of the Company’s potential products, inability to raise the necessary capital and the risk factors set forth from time to time in CEL-SCI Corporation’s SEC filings, including but not limited to its current report on Form 10-K. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly release the result of any revision to these forward-looking statements which may be made to reflect the events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

Privacy Statement

General Statement

CEL-SCI respects the privacy of visitors to our web site. This privacy applies to any information provided to us via our web site. CEL-SCI collects personal data, such as name, address, phone number, or e-mail address, only when it is voluntarily submitted to us. We collect this data in a database and may use it to contact visitors who have provided this data to us. We will not sell this information to anyone, nor will we provide it to third parties without our visitors’ express consent, unless required by law, regulation or government agency. In addition, the employees of CEL-SCI are committed to protecting the privacy of visitors who provide information to us.

Collection and Use of Information

We collect personal information through this web site only if it is voluntarily provided to us. If a visitor does not wish to provide the information requested on a given screen, or if he/she has concerns about maintaining the confidentiality of any information, we suggest that the visitor not provide the information. We will use this information for the purpose for which it has been provided to us, as indicated in the type of form that the visitor fills out and/or questions that the visitor answers. We limit access to information only to those individuals whose responsibility it is to address the visitor’s specific request.

CEL-SCI’s web site also uses information in aggregate form to track numbers of visitors to our site and numbers of visitors to various sections of our site for the purpose of determining trends and visitor needs. Aggregate information is analyzed and used as input to help us improve our site. No personally identifiable information is available or used in this process. This site acts as a venue for information collected for a number of purposes specified by visitors. We have no control over the quality, truth or accuracy of information submitted by visitors, and undertake no responsibility for such information submitted. Each visitor is responsible for the quality, truth and accuracy of the information he/she submits. Each visitor authorizes us to use the information supplied for the purposes for which it was provided. We have no obligation to use or retain any of the information a visitor submits, and may delete or destroy the information. We may, for any reason, suspend or terminate a visitor’s right to submit information to this site. We may change our Privacy Statement from time to time, and our changes are effective after we provide you with at least thirty days notice of the changes by posting the changes on our web site. We refer you to the section of this Statement, “Use of This Web Site,” for further provisions that relate to this web site and its use, including but not limited to information provided by visitors, obligations of and indemnities by visitors, and limitations on our liability.

Use of this Web Site

This site acts as a venue for information collected for a number of purposes specified by visitors. We have no control over the quality, truth or accuracy of information submitted by visitors, and undertake no responsibility for such information submitted. Each visitor is responsible for the quality, truth and accuracy of the information he/she submits. Each visitor represents that his/her information is not false, inaccurate or misleading, is not fraudulent, does not infringe upon any other parties’ rights, does not violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation, and does not contain any viruses or other computer programming routines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information. Each visitor agrees to indemnify and hold us and our subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents and employees harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorney’s fees, relating to false, inaccurate or misleading information provided by the visitor or to claims made by any third party due to or arising out of the visitor’s breach of any agreement, or the visitor’s violation of any law or rights of a third party. We do not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our services, and operation of our site may be interfered with by numerous factors outside of our control. Unfortunately, and while we endeavor otherwise, we cannot guarantee that your private information or other communications will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Statement.

We are not responsible for circumstances beyond our control, such as Acts of God, errors of transmission, governmental or regulatory action, downtime of web site or security breaches. Each visitor releases us (and our officers, directors, agents, affiliates and employees), from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of, or in any way connected with, the authorized use of the visitor’s information. For the purposes hereof, “affiliates” shall include any person or entity controlled by, controlling, or under common control with CEL-SCI.

WE PROVIDE OUR WEB SITE AND SERVICES “AS IS”, AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION, EXPRESSED, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY. WE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE IN TRADE. IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE FOR LOST PROFITS OR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OUR SITE OR SERVICES.

The contents of this web site are protected by applicable copyright laws. No permission is granted to copy, distribute, modify, post or frame any text, graphics, video, audio, software code, or user interface design or logos.

Thank you.