Privacy policy
Thank you for visiting the Repligen website. This Privacy Policy applies to your use of this website.  If you disagree with these terms, please close the browser and discontinue use of this website.

Personal Information
When you visit certain areas of our website, request or download, information, shop, submit a request for quotation (RFQ) or purchase products, register for events, participate in surveys, subscribe to company newsletters, submit a resume, or participate in programs administered through this website, we may ask you to register or provide personal information and preferences. This may include, without limitation, your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, payment information during checkout for online purchases, and other information depending on the context of your visit to this website.

Use of Personal Information
The personal information you provide is used to fulfill your request. We may also use this information to alert you to company news, new products, company events, and other company and product information. We also store, use and analyze anonymous data provided by users or derived from website usage for statistical purposes and other business purposes to monitor and improve Repligen’s business.

Protection of Personal Information
When visitors to this website provide personal information, we strive to follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the sensitive information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. Repligen stores information in a controlled, secure environment. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Third Party Access
Repligen does not sell information to third parties, but reserves the right, at the sole discretion of Repligen, to share any and all information with select partners or related parties including but not limited to, distribution partners, consultants, resume management services, online payment services, promotional agencies, etc. We will only provide the information they reasonably need to deliver the service or product, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.  At times, we may also reasonably need to retain or disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to respond to a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process, or to comply with regulations and laws.

Links
This website may contain links to other websites. The linked sites are not under the control of Repligen, and Repligen is not responsible for the privacy policy of any other website linked to this website. Repligen provides links to other websites as a convenience to users, and access to any linked websites is at your own risk. Repligen encourages you to read the privacy policies of these linked sites.

Cookies
We use cookies on our website. A cookie is a piece of data that is stored on the hard drive of your computer and is used to identify your computer on return visits to our website. Cookies may be used to customize your visits and to monitor use of our website. If you block or decline to accept a cookie, you may still use our website.  However, some parts of the website may not permit access and some functionality may be lost.

Business Transitions
If Repligen undergoes a business transition such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, users’ personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Users will be notified through a notice posted on this website at the time of a change of ownership or control of their personal information.

Access
If you request access to your personal information collected on this website, we will inform you of the existence, use and disclosure of such information as allowed by law, and provide you access to that information. You may withdraw your consent to the future use of your personal information at any time on request.

Modifications
Repligen reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, and any changes made will be posted directly to this web page.

Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact bd@repligen.com.