Home / Disclaimers & Privacy Statement
All product names, logos and slogans are trademarks of the Spectranetics Corporation. All of the content on the Spectranetics website, including all images and text, is copyrighted. No portion of the information contained in this website may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, or downloaded without the express written permission of The Spectranetics Corporation.

The company’s standard one-year product warranty and remedy are exclusive and expressly in lieu of all other warranties expressed or implied either in fact or by operation of law, statutory or otherwise, including warranties of merchantability and fitness for use or for any particular purpose and of all other liabilities or obligations on the part of the company relating in any way to the CVX-300® Excimer Laser System, whether arising from personal injury, property damage or otherwise. The company neither assumes nor authorizes any other person to assume for it any other liability in connection with the sale, installation, service or use of the CVX-300 Excimer Laser System. Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, (a) the company shall have no liability whatsoever for special, consequential, incidental or punitive damages of any kind arising out of the sale, installation, service or use of the CVX-300 Excimer Laser System, and (b) the company’s liability shall in no event exceed the original purchase price of the CVX-300 Excimer Laser System.

Refer to Instructions for Use for all prescribing information and product indications.

All product claims supported by data on file.

GENERAL

This Terms of Use Agreement (“Agreement”) governs your access and use of The Spectranetics Corporation. (“Spectranetics”) Web site located at www.Spectranetics.com and www.spnc.com (both referred to as the “Site”). By accessing, browsing, and using this Site, you agree that you have read, understood, and accept this Agreement. Please read it carefully and let us know if you have any questions. If you do not agree with any of the terms herein, do not use the Site.

GOVERNING LAW

THIS AGREEMENT AND YOUR USE OF THE SITE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF COLORADO, WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS.

USE OF THE SITE

You may only use this Site for its intended purpose and solely in accordance with this Agreement. In addition, you may not restrict or inhibit any other person from using or enjoying the Site. The Site may contain links to other Internet sites and third-party resources. Spectraneticsis not responsible for either the availability of these outside resources or their content. Spectranetics may, but is not obligated to, monitor your use of the Site. As part of your use of the Site, you may provide registration information to Spectranetics. You warrant that all such registration information is accurate and truthful, and you agree to update such information as necessary. You may also be asked to choose or be assigned a user name and password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of such information.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

The content of this Site is protected by law, including without limitation United States copyright law, trademark law, and applicable international treaties. You are granted permission to display, reproduce, distribute, and download the materials on this Site solely for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided that none of the content is modified and all of Spectranetics’s legal legends are retained. You may not “mirror” any content contained within this Site without the express prior written consent of Spectranetics. Except as stated herein, none of the content may be reproduced, distributed, published, displayed, downloaded, or transmitted in any form by any means without the prior written permission of Spectraneticsor the appropriate copyright owner. Spectranetics does not grant you any licenses, express or implied, to the intellectual property of Spectranetics or its licensors except as expressly stated in this Agreement.

TRANSMISSION OF CONTENT

Any material, information or ideas that you transmit to or post to or through this Site by any means will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, despite any legends to the contrary, and may be used by Spectranetics for any purpose whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all personal information provided by you will be handled in accordance with Spectranetics’s Privacy Policy, which can be found further down this page. You agree to the terms of such Privacy Policy by providing your personal information to Spectranetics. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or through this Site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane materials, or any other material that is illegal or could give rise to legal liability under applicable law.

INTERNATIONAL USE

This Site is controlled and operated by Spectranetics from within the United States. Spectranetics makes no representations that materials contained within the Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to the Site from locations where such activity is illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to use the Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance with all applicable laws.

U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS

The content of this Site is provided with “RESTRICTED RIGHTS.” Use, duplication, or disclosure by the United States Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in applicable laws and regulations.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

THE SITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND SPECTRANETICS MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND NON-INTERFERENCE. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL SPECTRANETICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR LOST PROFITS, OR ANY CLAIM MADE BY A THIRD PARTY OR MADE BY YOU FOR A THIRD PARTY, ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR THE CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN, EVEN IF SPECTRANETICS KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGES. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY APPLIES WHETHER DAMAGES ARE SOUGHT AS A TORT CLAIM (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT PRODUCT LIABILITY), A CONTRACT CLAIM, OR ANY OTHER CLAIM AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY. SOME STATES OR COUNTRIES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. IN SUCH STATES OR COUNTRIES, SOME EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS CONTAINED HEREIN MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

MODIFICATIONS

This Agreement may be modified by Spectranetics at any time by updating and posting a new version on the Site. By using the Site, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of the version of this Agreement that is in force during such use.

TERM AND TERMINATION

This Agreement is effective as of the date of your first access or use of the Site, and shall remain in effect for the duration of your access or use. This Agreement shall automatically terminate upon your breach of the Agreement.

GENERAL

The state or federal courts sitting in El Paso County, Colorado shall have exclusive jurisdiction and venue over any dispute arising out of this agreement and sale, and you hereby consent to the jurisdiction of such courts. This Agreement may not be modified, supplemented, qualified, or interpreted by any trade usage or prior course of dealing not made a part of the Agreement by its express terms. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity of this Agreement as a whole and any such provision should be enforced by authorities, and reconstructed if need be, to apply to the maximum extent allowable under applicable law. The failure by either party to enforce at any time any of the provisions of this Agreement, to exercise any election or option provided herein, or to require at any time the performance of the other of any of the provisions herein will not in any way be construed as a waiver of such provisions. Reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs will be awarded to the prevailing party in the event of litigation involving the enforcement or interpretation of this Agreement. The section headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not be given any legal import.

PRIVACY STATEMENT
The Spectranetics Corporation. (“Spectranetics”) respects your privacy. In that regard, we have created this Privacy Policy to let you know what information we collect when you visit our site, why we collect it, and how it is used. By using this Web site, you consent to the data practices prescribed in this Privacy Policy. Spectranetics’s Privacy Policy governs the privacy guidelines for Spectranetics’s Web site at www.Spectranetics.com and www.spnc.com (the “Site”).

What information does Spectranetics collect?

“Personal Information” means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, first and last name, home or other physical address, an email address, phone number, or other contact information, whether at work or at home.

In a few areas on our Site and online customer support tools, we may ask you to provide Personal Information that will enable us to enhance your use of the Site or for purposes such as facilitating correspondence with you, registering your entitlement to access certain special features of the Site, or to complete transactions. It is always your choice whether or not to provide that Personal Information. If you choose not to provide requested Personal Information, you may not be able to use certain features of the Site.

We may also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser, which could include your IP address, cookie information, browser information, and the page you request.

How does Spectranetics use Personal Information?

The Personal Information you provide will be kept confidential and used to support your customer relationship with Spectranetics. Among other things, we want to help you quickly find information on our Site and alert you to product upgrades, updated information and other new products and services from Spectranetics. Spectranetics may enhance or merge your information collected at the Site with data from third parties for purposes of marketing products or services to you.

Periodically, we may send you information about our various products and services, or other products and services we feel may be of interest to you. These mailings may be sent electronically or in physical form. Only Spectranetics (or agents or contractors working on behalf of Spectranetics and under confidentiality agreements) will send you these mailings. If you do not want to receive such mailings, simply tell us when you give us your Personal Information. Or, at any time you can easily opt-out of receiving further marketing from Spectranetics by contacting us and requesting to have your name removed from our marketing lists. In addition, with respect to mailings sent via email, you may also click the “unsubscribe” link in the email to have your email address removed from our marketing list. All requests to unsubscribe will be handled in a prompt and efficient manner and in accordance with applicable law.

Information Sharing and Disclosure to Third Parties

Agents or contractors of Spectranetics may have access to your Personal Information for the purpose of performing services on behalf of Spectranetics. All such agents or contractors who have access to your Personal Information are required to keep the information confidential and not use it for any other purpose than to carry out the services they are performing for Spectranetics or as otherwise required by law. In addition, information collected about you may be shared with other third parties as expressly stated on the page on which you provided such information.

Except as set forth above, Spectranetics does not rent, sell or share Personal Information it collects about you to or with third parties. Personal Information collected from you is only used to provide you with Spectranetics products and services and to comply with any requirements of law. Spectranetics or its agents or contractors may disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of Spectranetics or its agents or contractors; or (3) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Spectranetics, its Web sites or the public. If Spectranetics should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company, we may sell the information you provide to us on this Site to a third party or share your Personal Information with any company with whom we merge.

Security of Your Information

Any online payment transactions occurring on the Site will be secured using industry standard encryption technology (e.g., Secure Sockets Layer).

You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you’re online. If you post Personal Information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. While we strive to protect your Personal Information, Spectranetics does not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.

Third-Party Sites

Please be aware that other Web sites that may be accessed through our site may collect personally identifiable information about you. This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of those third-party Web sites linked to our Site.

International Transfers

Personal Information collected on this Site may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Spectranetics or its affiliates, subsidiaries, agents or contractors maintain facilities, and by using this Site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.

Your Consent to this Privacy Policy

By using this Site, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This is our entire and exclusive Privacy Policy and it supersedes any earlier version. We may change this Privacy Policy by posting a new version of this Privacy Policy on this Web site, and it is your responsibility to review this page periodically. When we do change the policy, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this Web site constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates.

Contacting Spectranetics

For questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or to make changes to your Personal Information, please contact us at:

Spectranetics
9965 Federal Drive
Colorado Springs, CO 80921-3617

©2012 Spectranetics All Rights Reserved.