PRIVACY POLICY



Your privacy is very important to us. We have created this Privacy Policy so that you have a clear understanding of how our web site operates and how and under what circumstances we may collect and use your personal information. We collect no personally identifiable information unless you voluntarily supply it, and your supply to us of personally identifiable information is your express consent to our use of your personal information as described herein. We only use your personal information to help us to improve our services to you, to provide you with products or services you have requested, to facilitate your voluntary and optional participation in any promotions or contests we may sponsor, and to inform you about additional products or services that may be of interest to you.

Please note that we will not sell, trade or rent your information to outside parties without your consent. The information you provide is only used only as a means to respond to questions or requests you have made, and to contact you in the future should you request such contact.

YOUR CONSENT



By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Meridian Bioscience, Inc. as described herein. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.

We will never rent, sell, or share your information with unaffiliated third-parties without your consent. We may share your information with other Meridian Bioscience businesses or affiliates, or our agents, contractors or business partners in order that they may provide services to us such as delivery vendors, fulfillment houses, suppliers and technical support. As our company expands and/or changes, we may buy or sell companies, or merge or sell assets. In such transactions, customer information is often one of the transferred assets. In the event Meridian Bioscience or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information likely will be one of the transferred assets.

When you make a purchase for any product or service offered by Meridian Bioscience, Inc. or its partners; and when you report a problem with our site or services we may ask you for personal or company information. If you contact Meridian Bioscience, Inc., in any capacity, we may keep a record of that correspondence, and may post questions submitted to our FAQs section to the website, but without your name or identifying characteristics included. We retain your personal information voluntarily supplied by you. We will retain the information unless requested to remove it, we are required by law, or we determine that the information is stale.

Meridian Bioscience, Inc. uses reasonable precautions and safeguards to protect your personal information, however we cannot and do not guarantee that your information is completely secure from hackers or others who may illegally intercept any communications occurring over the Internet, or who may make unauthorized access to our site.

Meridian Bioscience, Inc. will only send personally identifiable information about you to unaffiliated or unrelated third parties when we respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process; or we find that your actions on our website violate standards for users stated in this policy or our intellectual property rights with respect to specific images, products or services.

We may in the future request information from you that may be shared with others. In these situations, you will be told of this fact, and given an opportunity to say no.

CONTESTS AND PROMOTIONS

When you voluntarily enter a contest or promotion sponsored by Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and/or its partners you will be required to submit certain personal information, including, but not limited to, name, address, and birth date, to participate. If you do not want to submit your personal information; you can refrain from doing so, but may not be able to participate in the contest or promotion. If you choose to participate in the contest and submit your personal information, you are consenting to our use and disclosure of your information to our partners and any parties we may engage to assist or participate in the contest or promotion. Any and all information that you may be required to submit in connection with any contest or promotion must be truthful and accurate and you agree to release Meridian Bioscience, Inc., from any liability, and to indemnify Meridian Bioscience, Inc., from any liability, damages, losses or expenses it may face or incur if you supply any false, incorrect, or inaccurate information in connection with any such contest or promotion.

If you are chosen as the winner of any contest or promotion, you will be required to submit an Affidavit of Eligibility, verifying your eligibility to participate under the specific contest rules. In addition, if you are chosen as the winner, you herby agree that Meridian Bioscience, Inc., shall have the right, but not the obligation, to use our name, photo, image and/or likeness in connection with the awarding of the contest or promotion prize.

CHILDREN:

Consistent with the Federal Children?s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent. However, to the extent that children and those under the age of thirteen may access and use our web site, the following policy applies to the personally identifiable information of children under the age of thirteen.

Meridian Bioscience, Inc. does not collect a child?s personally identifiable information unless the child voluntarily registers to participate in any offers at our web site and the child?s parent consents to the collection of the child?s information.

When a child uses our web site to request information or otherwise provides any personally identifiable information, we will request a parent?s email address and send to the parent, via email, information regarding our collection and use of their child?s information. No additional personal information will be collected from the child until a parent has consented to its collection. We will not require a child or their parent to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary as a condition to participating in an activity on our website.

AUTOMATED INFORMATION COLLECTED:

Meridian Bioscience, Inc. automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including, but not limited to, your IP address, cookie information, the page you requested, and other technical data. We analyze this data for trends and statistics, but the individual user remains anonymous. We may share statistical information regarding customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information with our partners. These statistics will not contain personally identifying information.

USE OF COOKIES

Meridian Bioscience, Inc. may set and access Meridian Bioscience, Inc. cookies on your computer. Cookies allow Meridian Bioscience, Inc. to personalize your experience on our website.

You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. (Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.)

If you reject all cookies, some of the conveniences they make possible may not be available and certain portions of our website may not be accessible to you.

DISCUSSION GROUPS:

The Meridian Bioscience, Inc. web site may make discussion groups, chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information while using these types of services. (Some discussion areas may be password-protected and not accessible by all users.)

Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example through e-mail, discussion lists, or elsewhere - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Meridian Bioscience, Inc. has no responsibility or liability to you for any personal information that you may post online in areas that are accessible to the public.

Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online.

LINKS:

Meridian Bioscience, Inc. may contain links to other sites for your convenience. Because these other sites are not operated by Meridian Bioscience, Inc., we cannot guarantee that they will observe the same privacy policy. Please refer to those sites to review their individual privacy policies. Meridian Bioscience, Inc. is not responsible for the content of any linked sites, and your access and linking to those sites is at your own risk. You should not assume any kind of affiliation, sponsorship or endorsement by Meridian Bioscience, Inc., of any sites which may be linked to the Meridian Bioscience, Inc., site, and Meridian hereby disclaims any liability or responsibility of any kind with respect to any third party web sites which may be linked to the Meridian Bioscience, Inc. web site.

Meridian Bioscience, Inc. does not share any of the individual personal information you provide with the sites to which Meridian Bioscience, Inc. links, although we may share aggregate and/or statistical data with such websites (such as how many people use our site).

CORRECTING OR UPDATING INFORMATION/CAN SPAM ACT OF 2003

Meridian Bioscience, Inc. believes that you should have a choice in controlling your privacy. The Meridian Bioscience, Inc. website gives you the following methods for changing and modifying information previously provided. You may contact us via our website to request these updates or changes.

Meridian Bioscience is compliant with the CAN SPAM Act of 2003, and does not send bulk, unsolicited commercial emails. However, if you voluntarily provide your email address to Meridian Bioscience, we may correspond with you by using that email address. If you no longer wish to receive emails from Meridian Bioscience or our partners, you can opt-out of receiving further emails from Meridian Bioscience, Inc. by contacting us via our website to make an opt-out request. You also may contact us via our website to make an opt-out request.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE:

By using the Meridian Bioscience, Inc. web site, you are agreeing to, and accepting, without limitation or qualification, our Privacy Policy, as well as all Terms and Conditions of Use of our web site, as set forth herein. If you do not agree or accept our Privacy Policy or our Terms and Conditions, your recourse is to cease use and visits to our web site. Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully. Your use of the site is your express acceptance and agreement to be bound by our Privacy Policy and by these Terms and Conditions. We may change these Terms and Conditions from time to time, and such changes shall be effective upon being posted on this site. Any continued use of the site by you shall indicate your acceptance of any and all modified or revised Terms and Conditions.

You may freely view and access the site and you may download any materials on the site for your personal use. However, you may not distribute or disseminate any materials on our site for any other purpose, nor may you modify, alter or change any of our materials without our express written consent. You also agree to respect all intellectual property rights of Meridian Bioscience, Inc. or of any third-parties whose information or intellectual property may appear on the Meridian Bioscience, Inc. web site. You agree not to make any links, frames, or distribution of any of Meridian Bioscience, Inc.?s web site or intellectual property.

You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, crawler, or any other automated or computerized program or device to mine data from our site. You also agree that you will not spam any other user of the Meridian Bioscience, Inc. web site for any reason. You also agree that you will not engage in any actions which interfere with, disrupt, manipulate or otherwise overload the Meridian Bioscience web site or its server.

DISCUSSION GROUPS AND MESSAGE BOARDS:

If you participate in any discussion groups, message boards or any online chat rooms or other public forums that the Meridian Bioscience, Inc. web site may make available, you agree that you will at all times abide with all applicable laws, and that you will not post any libelous, slanderous, pornographic, harassing, threatening, infringing or illegal content or materials. Any comments submitted that defame, libel or slander Meridian Bioscience, Inc., its partners, industry peers, clients, or any individuals or entities will not be tolerated and your access to these areas will be revoked, and any offensive material may be removed. Meridian Bioscience, Inc. reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to remove any messages, postings, data or content that you may post on any portion of the Meridian Bioscience, Inc. web site, that Meridian Bioscience, Inc. believes may be libelous, pornographic, slanderous, harassing or threatening, or that may violate any rights of any third-parties. Meridian Bioscience, Inc. also reserves the right to restrict or deny you access to any or all portions of the Meridian Bioscience, Inc. web site in the event that you misuse or abuse any services available at the Meridian web site. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Meridian Bioscience, Inc. undertakes no obligation to act as an editor or to protect any parties from any libelous, slanderous, harassing, threatening, pornographic, offensive or illegal material or content, and Meridian Bioscience, Inc., has no responsibility or liability for any libelous, slanderous, harassing, threatening, pornographic, offensive or illegal material or content that may be posted on its site by its users or by third-parties.

LIABILITY AND RELEASE:

Meridian Bioscience, Inc. makes this web site available to you for your convenience. However, Meridian Bioscience, Inc., makes no representations or warranties of any kind regarding this web site. You agree that your use and access to this web site is solely at your own risk. You agree and acknowledge that you accept this web site " AS IS ". You acknowledge and agree that in no event, and under no circumstances, shall Meridian Bioscience, Inc. be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, to you or to any third-parties, for any damage, losses, claims or causes of action of any kind, caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any content, goods or services available on or through this web site or any third-party web sites that may be linked to or referenced on the Meridian Bioscience, Inc. web site. You further acknowledge and agree that Meridian Bioscience, Inc. shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, to you or to any third-parties, for any damage, losses, claims, or causes of action of any kind, relating to or arising out of your use of the Meridian Bioscience, Inc. web site, and by using the Meridian Bioscience, Inc. web site, you hereby release Meridian Bioscience, Inc. from any such claims. Meridian Bioscience, Inc. will have no liability of any kind to you or to any third-parties if Meridian Bioscience, Inc. removes, deletes, restricts or denies access to any material or content on the Meridian Bioscience, Inc. web site. By using the Meridian Bioscience, Inc. web site and participating in any services offered at the site, you hereby release Meridian Bioscience, Inc. from any and all liability arising out of or in connection with the Meridian Bioscience, Inc. web site.

Subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy, you should assume that any and all information that you may publish or post on our web site is NON-CONFIDENTIAL and NON-PROPRIETARY.Meridian Bioscience, Inc. reserves the right to use any information, ideas, suggestions, concepts, know-how or techniques that you may voluntarily provide to Meridian Bioscience, Inc., in any development, manufacture, marketing, or promotion efforts, or in any other manner that Meridian Bioscience may deem appropriate, with no liability or obligation of any kind to you.

In no event shall Meridian Bioscience, Inc. or any of its partners, agents or representatives be liable to you or any other party for any damages (including, without limitation, direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages, or damages resulting from lost profits or business interruption, even if Meridian Bioscience, Inc. has been advised as to the possibility of such damages) arising out of or related to your use of, or inability to use or access our web site. This includes, but is not limited to, damages to your computer systems or equipment or viruses that may affect your computer systems. Meridian Bioscience, Inc. does not guarantee that any materials or files that you may choose to download from our site will be free of viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or other disruptive elements. You hereby agree that you release Meridian Bioscience, Inc., its personnel, employees, officers, directors, partners, agents, affiliates and representatives from any and all claims of any kind, arising from or related to your use of the Meridian Bioscience, Inc. web site.

DISCLAIMER:

Our web site may contain forward looking statements with respect to our company, and any financial data or other matter and the actual results may differ from those forward looking statements. While Meridian Bioscience, Inc. uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up to date information, we make no representations as to the accuracy of the information contained herein.

NO INFORMATION ON THE MERIDIAN BIOSCIENCE, INC. WEB SITE SHOULD BE CONSIDERED MEDICAL ADVICE OR TREATMENT, NOR SHOULD YOU SUBSTITUTE ANY INFORMATION YOU MAY FIND ON THIS WEB SITE FOR ADVICE OR TREATMENT FROM A DOCTOR OR QUALIFIED HEALTH PROFESSIONAL.

Meridian Bioscience Inc., hereby further DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE RELIABILITY, ACCURACY, VALIDITY, TIMELINESS, USEFULNESS, COMPLETENESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR MERCHANTABILITY OF ANY AND ALL INFORMATION ON THE MERIDIAN BIOSCIENCE, INC. WEB SITE.

Please note that certain jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you.

INDEMNIFICATION:

You agree to abide at all times with all applicable laws, and with our Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions of Use. You further agree to indemnify, defend and hold Meridian Bioscience, Inc., and its officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates, suppliers, partners and representatives harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, causes of action, losses, damages, costs and expenses, including, but not limited to reasonable attorneys? fees, arising out of or resulting from your violation of our Privacy Policy, these Terms and Conditions, any applicable law or regulation, or any other activity related to you or your account, or password, including, but not limited to, negligent or wrongful conduct caused by you or any other person accessing the Meridian Bioscience, Inc. web site through you and/or your account.

MISCELLANEOUS:

Although the Meridian Bioscience, Inc. web site is accessible worldwide, not all products, services or information discussed on the Meridian Bioscience, Inc. web site are available to all persons in all jurisdictions. Meridian Bioscience, Inc. reserves the right to limit the provision of its goods or services in its sole discretion, and some products and or services discussed on the Meridian Bioscience, Inc.web site are void where prohibited.

Our Privacy Policy and these Terms and Conditions state the entire agreement between Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and users of our web site and supersede any other agreements, oral or written. These terms and conditions may not be modified by you without the prior written consent of Meridian Bioscience, Inc. If any clause or provision in our Privacy Policy or in these Terms and Conditions is deemed illegal or unenforceable, you agree that any such provision shall be severable from the remainder of these Terms and Conditions and/or the Privacy Policy, and that the remaining Terms and Conditions and/or the Privacy Policy shall continue in full force and effect.

The Meridian Bioscience, Inc. web site, our Privacy Policy, and these Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of the State of Ohio, USA, without regard to its conflicts of laws principles.