Buzztime® Privacy Policy
Last Updated October 3, 2016
We at NTN Buzztime, Inc. and its affiliated companies and subsidiaries (collectively “Buzztime,” “we,” “us,” “our”) are dedicated to protecting your privacy and handling your personal information with care and respect. We’ve tried to keep it as simple as possible, but if you are not familiar with terms like cookies, IP addresses, and browsers, then read about these key terms first.  Your privacy matters to Buzztime so whether you are new to Buzztime or a long-time user, please take a moment to know our policy and if you have any questions please contact us.

This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to Buzztime’s websites which include, but are not limited to, buzztime.com, buzztimebusiness.com, barandrestaurantnews.com, getbuzztime.com and to the Buzztime services and content we provide through businesses, networks, mobile devices, apps, and websites operated by our partners, as well as any other websites or services where this Policy is posted (collectively, the “Services”). It describes the ways we collect, use and share information collected through the Services. By using any of our Services, you agree to this Privacy Policy and to our Terms of Service.

We may change this Policy from time to time, with or without notice. Please check back periodically for any changes to our Policy. The date above shows when the Policy was last revised. Your use of the Services constitutes your agreement to this Policy and to any changes.

INFORMATION WE COLLECT
     Information You Provide to Us
We may collect information from you when you register for Services or request information from or about Buzztime, including your first and last name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, birth date (in order to ensure that you are old enough to use our Services), and ZIP code or postal code where you live. In order to register for some Services, you may be asked to create a display name, username, and password. If you do not wish to provide these types of information you may not be able to register for, use and/or participate in some features and promotions in the Services.

You may also be asked to provide demographic information, including your gender, education, income level, marital status, and race. You are not required to provide any of this information in order to register for or use our Services.

     Information We Automatically Collect

We may collect information in the course of use of the Services, such as your browser, Internet Protocol (IP) address, internet service provider, the addresses of the websites you visited before coming to one of our websites, the portions of the Services you use, the pages on our websites that you visit, where you visit when you leave the Services, and other similar information.

     Information from Third Parties

Furthermore, if you choose to log in, access or otherwise connect to the Services, or contact us, through a social networking services (e.g., Facebook), we may collect your user ID and username associated with that social networking service, as well as any information you make public using that social networking service.  We may also collect information you have authorized the social networking service to share with us (such as your user ID, public profile information, email address, birthday, friends list, and page you have “liked”).  When using our mobile app, we may also collect mobile device information like operating system, hardware type, numbers and/or codes unique to such device, device information, the location of your device, and app usage information.  We may collect and process information about your actual location.  We use various technologies to determine location, including, but not limited to IP address, GPS, and other sensors.This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to Buzztime’s websites which include, but are not limited to, buzztime.com, buzztimebusiness.com, barandrestaurantnews.com, getbuzztime.com and to the Buzztime services and content we provide through businesses, networks, mobile devices, apps, and websites operated by our partners, as well as any other websites or services where this Policy is posted (collectively, the “Services”). It describes the ways we collect, use and share information collected through the Services. By using any of our Services, you agree to this Privacy Policy and to our Terms of Service.

We may change this Policy from time to time, with or without notice. Please check back periodically for any changes to our Policy. The date above shows when the Policy was last revised. Your use of the Services constitutes your agreement to this Policy and to any changes.

HOW INFORMATION IS USED AND SHARED
Information you provide or that we collect automatically may be used by Buzztime, our subsidiaries, agents, businesses, or service providers who process information on our behalf to provide the Services to you. We may also use information collected from you to contact you about the Services or other products or services that may be of interest to you (including special offers and promotions), to fulfill or respond to your requests, to send service notifications, to improve and personalize the Services, to conduct research, to solicit your feedback about the Services, and to deliver contextual and tailored advertisements on or through the Services. Information we collect may be combined with information collected from other sources (e.g., business partners) so that we may further improve the Services and to offer products and services to you and to improve the relevance of advertisements delivered on or through the Services. You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from Buzztime at www.buzztime.com/editinfo

Buzztime may use information to enter you into contests or sweepstakes in which you choose to participate, give you status updates on contests, notify contest winners, verify contestant eligibility, and award prizes. Your information may be provided to third parties who sponsor and/or administer our contests, sweepstakes, and prize redemptions, or provide you with other services in connection with such contests or sweepstakes.

Our Services include interactive features that allow you to submit and share text, photos, links and other content (collectively, “User Content”). User Content that you submit to Buzztime or share using the Services becomes publicly available and can be seen, collected and used by others.

In addition, certain user profile information is shared on the Services. Registered users are displayed by player ID or username along with information about location(s) where you play Buzztime games. If you add a Buddy or invite a friend to join Buzztime. an email will be sent on your behalf and will come from the email address and full name on your account. You may also receive messages from other users through the Services. Buzztime is not responsible for the content of such messages. Buzztime may share information with other businesses and partners to assist us in promoting our products and services, or so that they can send you information about their own products and services, including special offers and promotions.

For example, if you register with Buzztime through one of our partners, we may share the information you provide (including but not limited to your e-mail address and ZIP code) with the partner through whom you reached us. Our partners may use that information to contact you about their own products and services, or for other reasons. If you wish not to receive promotional email from these partners you may opt out of receiving these communications through www.buzztime.com/editinfo and, if the ability is provided, in subsequent promotional communications from them. Note that our partners are not bound by this Policy and they may collect information about you independently of Buzztime. Buzztime is not responsible or liable for any partner’s collection or use of information about you. Please review other parties’ privacy policies and terms.

We may share or disclose information if we believe in good faith that doing so is necessary and appropriate to: 1) comply with any law enforcement, legal, or regulatory process, such as a subpoena, search warrant or court order, or with applicable laws; 2) to protect or defend the rights, safety or property of Buzztime or third parties (including users), including to defend or enforce this Policy or our Terms of Service or other contractual arrangement; or 3) with your consent or at your direction. If Buzztime, in whole or part, is sold, merges with another company, or declares bankruptcy, some or all of the information collected from you in connection with such potential and or actual transactions may be transferred to a third party. We may de-identify and aggregate information collected through the Services and use or disclose such information for any purpose, including without limitation enhancing the Services, developing new services, promoting our business or the Services, and advertising.

WEB BEACONS OR COOKIES
In order to improve our Services and provide more convenient, relevant experiences to our customers, we and our partners and agents may use “cookies,” “web beacons,” and similar technologies to track your online activities. A cookie is a small amount of data that is transferred to your computer by a web server.  It functions as your identification card and enables us to record such information as your password and preferences.  A web beacon is a small transparent image that is embedded in a web page or email used to track when the page or email has been viewed and for similar purposes.  You can set your browser to reject cookies, but that may limit your use of some convenience features on our websites and the Services.

ANALYTICS, ADVERTISING, AND DO-NOT-TRACK
Online Analytics Providers

To help us better understand your use of the Services, we may use third-party analytics on our Services, such as those of Google Analytics. These third parties use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to help us analyze how users use the Services, including by noting the third-party website from which you arrive. The information (including your IP address) collected by the applicable technologies will be disclosed to or collected directly by these service providers, who use the information to evaluate your use of the Services and share that information with us. To prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by clicking here.

     Advertising Technology Providers

Data about your activities on our Services may be collected by us or by advertising technology providers for use in delivering advertising (both online and offline) tailored to your individual characteristics, activities, interests and other factors.  These ad services may track your online activities over time by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of the automated technologies described above, and they may use this information, and other information they receive from us or other sources, to deliver advertisements to you when you are using the Services and/or when you are using other websites or online services.  We and third-party vendors may use first-party cookies and third-party cookies together, and other automated technologies, and in some cases additional information, (i) to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on past visits to our Services or other factors and (ii) to report how ad impressions, other uses of advertising services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our Site or other factors.

You may visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s Consumer Opt-Out page or the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Opt-Out page to opt out of receiving tailored advertising based on your Internet browsing activities from companies that participate in those programs.  We do not control these opt-out mechanisms. Some of our advertising-related activities may involve the services of companies that do not participate in those programs.  The opt-outs apply only to the browser in which you set them.  For example, if you set the opt-out while using Firefox, but then use Chrome, the opt-out will not be active in Chrome. To opt out in Chrome, you will need to repeat the opt-out process when using Chrome.

The opt-outs described in this Privacy Policy do not block or delete cookies, or prevent the use of cookies or other technologies for purposes other than selecting ads based on your interests as inferred by your online behavior. If you opt out, data may still be collected about your web browsing activities and you will still see advertising. Ads may be delivered based on other factors, such as the content of the web page in which they are shown, or demographic information obtained through other means.

When using a mobile application, you may also receive tailored in-application advertisements. Each operating system, iOS for Apple phones, Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements. You may review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating systems in order to opt-out of tailored in-application advertisements. For any other devices and/or operating systems, please visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or contact the applicable platform operator. We do not control how the applicable platform operator allows you to control receiving personalized in-application advertisements; thus, you should contact the platform provider for further details on opting out of tailored in-application advertisements.

     Do Not Track Disclosure

Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on the Services for third party purposes, and that is why we provide links to the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out pages, as well as choices provided by Google Analytics. However, we do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT. To learn more about Do Not Track, you can do so here.

CHILDREN UNDER 13
The Services are not intended for those under 13 years of age. If you are under 13, please close this window.  Please review Buzztime’s Terms of Service for additional information around users under the age of eighteen (18).  Please be aware that many of our promotions require user to be at least twenty-one (21) years of age at time of participation.   We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 through any of our Services. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will take reasonable steps to delete such information.

CHOICES AVAILABLE FOR THE USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
You may opt out of receiving promotional materials from Buzztime, or from or about our business partners at any time through our player site at www.buzztime.com/editinfo.

However, please note that changes may not be effective immediately, so you may continue to receive promotional communications for a short time. Please note also that you may still receive certain non-promotional communications from us, such as confirmation of services you have requested, notices of prizes or rewards you have won.

SECURITY
We have security measures in place designed to help protect your information under our control. These measures vary based on the sensitivity of the information that we have under our control. Please be aware that, despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and we cannot guarantee the security of the information you provide to Buzztime.  Please keep this in mind when disclosing any of your information via the Internet.

You should take reasonable steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, computer, and web-enabled devices, among other things, by signing off after using a shared computer, inserting a password on your web-enabled device, choosing a password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, keeping your password private, and periodically changing your password.   You should never share your log-in information with other.  We are not responsible for any lost, stolen or compromised passwords, or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.

CONSENT TO TRANSFER
The Services are operated in the United States and are governed by United States law. If you are a resident of the European Union or other location outside the United States, please be advised that any information you provide through the Services will be transferred to the United States or other designated locations outside of the United States for certain processing/hosting operations. We have taken steps to ensure that your information is protected and is processed only in accordance with this Policy. By using the Services, you consent to this transfer and to the use of the information as described herein.

YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Law permits visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to legal@buzztime.com or write to us at NTN Buzztime, Inc., 2231 Rutherford Road, Suite 200, Carlsbad, California, 92008.

HOW TO ACCESS AND UPDATE YOUR INFORMATION
If you have submitted information to us electronically via our player site at www.buzztime.com/players, and would like to correct or update that information or to request that information be deleted from our records, please visit https://www.buzztime.com/editinfo. If you have submitted information to us electronically via our business site at www.buzztime.com/business or our news site at www.barandrestaurantnews.com, and would like to correct or update that information or to request that information be deleted from our records, please visit www.buzztime.com/business/contact. We will use reasonable efforts to correct or delete the information from our existing files.

QUESTIONS OR COMPLAINTS? CONTACT US
If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy or the practices on our Services, you may contact us at:

NTN Buzztime, Inc.,
2231 Rutherford Road, Suite 200,
Carlsbad, California, 92008,
Attention: Legal Department

or through our online contact forms for our player site located in the “Help” section at www.buzztime.com/help.html or for our business site at www.buzztime.com/business/contact or at  legal@buzztime.com or at 1-760-438-7400.