ENERGY FOCUS PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy

This Online Privacy Policy covers Energy Focus, Inc.’s treatment of “Personal Information” that Energy Focus, Inc. receives. By accessing or using the Energy Focus, Inc. websites, you agree to the terms of the Energy Focus, Inc. Privacy Policy, as outlined below. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not access or use this site. Energy Focus, Inc. reserves the right to change this Online Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion. Your use of this site will be subject to the most current version of the Online Privacy Policy at the time of such use.

Need for Personal Information

Do not provide Personal Information about yourself unless Energy Focus, Inc. specifically requests information which identifies you and/or your company. If you elect to order products from Energy Focus, Inc., we may ask that you provide Personal Information, such as your first and last name, mailing address, billing address, email address, employer, job title and department, telephone and facsimile numbers, and other personal identifying information. When ordering products, you may be asked to provide a credit card number. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, the order will be cancelled.

Fax and Email Ordering

Energy Focus, Inc. takes reasonable measures to ensure that information submitted via email or fax is stored securely and intact. Energy Focus, Inc. employs physical security and strict access policies to help protect your data against loss, damage, theft, and unauthorized use. However, any Personal Information sent via email or fax is not secure. Personal Information that you choose to send by email or fax is sent at your own risk. Energy Focus, Inc. will not be held responsible for lost or intercepted Personal Information sent via email or fax.

Phone Ordering

For secure ordering, Energy Focus, Inc. accepts orders by phone. Energy Focus, Inc. employs physical security, secure storage mechanisms and strict access policies to help protect information we collect via phone. Please call 800-327-7877 and speak with a Customer Experience representative.

Sharing of Personal Information

Information about our Customers is an important part of our business; with respect to your privacy, Energy Focus, Inc. does not share or sell Customer Information.

Web Server Logs

Each time there is a visitor to our websites, the web server automatically logs the visitor’s domain name and IP address. We collect only the domain name of visitors to our websites, aggregate information on which pages visitors access or visit, and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. We do not automatically collect email addresses unless you have created an account on energyfocus.com for the purpose of receiving news or stock alerts.

Cookies

We may place a text file called a “cookie” in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain Personal Information although it will enable our websites to relate your use of the websites to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided to the site. In order to use features such as news or stock alerts, Energy Focus, Inc. requires that your browser accept cookies to ensure all processes function as intended.

In addition, Energy Focus, Inc. places third-party cookies in your computer’s browser files. This enables Energy Focus, Inc. ads to appear on various websites which participate in specific ad networks while you browse the internet. If you would like information on opting out of this service, please visit https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/ or http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ for more information.

Web Beacons and Tracking Artifacts/Scripts

Energy Focus, Inc.’s websites may contain third party code which creates electronic images (known as web beacons – sometimes called single-pixel gifs), artifacts (elements) or scripts on our web pages. These items are used to collect information for Energy Focus Inc.’s analytics purposes only. Automatic information such as IP addresses, network, and computer information is automatically transmitted to third-party services. Energy Focus, Inc. respects your privacy and does not share or sell Personal Information gathered through third-party tracking software.

Updating Personal Information

You have the right to access and correct your Personal Information at any time. You may also access and correct your Personal Information and privacy preferences by writing or calling Energy Focus, Inc. at the following address and phone number:

Energy Focus, Inc.
32000 Aurora Road, Suite B
Solon, OH 44139
USA

PH: 800-327-7877

Please include your name, address, and e-mail address when you contact us.

Privacy Related Complaints

If you believe that Energy Focus, Inc. has not complied with this Online Privacy Policy with respect to your Personal Information, you may write Energy Focus, Inc. at the address indicated above.

In your letter, please describe with much detail as possible the ways in which you believe that the Energy Focus, Inc. Online Privacy Policy has been breached. We will investigate your complaint promptly.

If you have questions about this policy, please e-mail us at ir@energyfocus.com.