Website Privacy Policy
We recommend that you read this Privacy Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, if you only want to access a particular section of this Privacy Notice, then you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section

Introduction
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
Information You Give to Us
Information We Collect About You
Google Analytics
Marketo
Social Media Plug-ins
Web Beacons
Cookies Used on This Website
How We Use Your Information
Disclosure of Your Information
Cross-border Transfers of Personal Data
Data Retention
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
Your Rights With Regard To Your Personal Data
Data Security
Third-Party Websites
Children Under the Age of 16
Revisions to Our Privacy Policy
Data Controller & Contact Information
I. INTRODUCTION
This policy describes the types of information Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. (the “Company,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website https://www.lionbridge.com/ (“Website”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. This policy does not apply to information collected by us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by the Company or a third party or through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from the Website.

The Company is committed to protecting your privacy. We provide this policy to explain the type of information we collect and to inform you of the specific practices and guidelines that protect the security and confidentiality of your personal data. Please read this policy carefully. If any term in this policy is unacceptable to you, please do not use the Website or provide any personal data. This policy may change from time to time (see Revisions to Our Privacy Policy).

II. INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, which may include information defined as personal data under the General Data Protection Regulation (“personal data”). For example, we may collect information such as your name, e-mail address, telephone number, country, job function, company/organization name, annual revenue, industry, current customer status, file uploads by you, product interests, and information related to inquiries and requests. We may also collect information about your internet connection and the equipment you use to access our Website. As you navigate through the Website, we may automatically collect information such as your usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies.

1. Information You Give to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:

Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided when you sign up for newsletters, blog subscriptions and other types of information material; when we process and respond to your inquiries related to products and customer service; and when you provide feedback on our Website. The personal data that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal data. Records and copies of your correspondence with us (including email addresses).
2. Information We Collect About You
As with many other websites, as you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:

Details of your visits to our Website, including resources (e.g. videos and PDFs) that you access, download and use on our Website, traffic data, location data, logs, language, date and time of access, frequency, and other communication data. Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, host domain, and browser type. Details of referring websites (URL).
The information we collect automatically is statistical data that helps us improve our Website and deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to

Determine web site traffic patterns. Count web visits. Determine traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. Help us to know which pages and content are the most and least popular. Observe site search patterns to provide more intuitive navigation cues. Determine user frequency.
3. Google Analytics
This Website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the Website analyze how users use the Website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.

Google will use this information on behalf of us as the operator of this Website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Website, compiling reports on Website activity and providing other services relating to Website activity and internet usage to us.

In case IP anonymization is activated on this Website, your IP address will be truncated within the area of Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases the whole IP address will be first transferred to a Google server in the United States and truncated there. The IP anonymization is active on this Website.

The IP address, that your browser conveys within the scope of Google Analytics, will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Website.

You can also opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics with effect for the future by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your current web browser: (click here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de).

4. Marketo
This Website uses Marketo, a web analytics and marketing service provided by Marketo EMEA Ltd., Dublin, Ireland (“Marketo”). Marketo uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the Website analyze how users use the Website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website will usually be transmitted to and stored by Marketo on servers in Ireland.

Marketo will use this information on behalf of us as the operator of this Website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Website, compiling reports on Website activity and providing other services relating to Website activity and internet usage to us. Marketo will further be used to store information that you input on forms on this Website in a cookie. More information about privacy at Marketo are available here: https://documents.marketo.com/legal/privacy/.

You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Website. You may further refuse the collection of information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website and their transfer to and processing by Marketo by way of setting a refusal cookie. Please click on the below link “opt out” to refuse the creation of a pseudonymous user profile.

To opt-out, click here: https://www.lionbridge.com/?marketo_opt_out=true

Please be aware that if you delete this refusal cookie or all cookies, we will also lose the information that you made use of your right to “opt out” from Marketo.

5. Social Media Plug-ins
On our Website we use website elements from the social networks Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and YouTube. Suppliers of the plug-ins are the companies Facebook Inc., Twitter Inc., LinkedIn Corporation and YouTube LLC (“Providers”). Web page elements are e.g. buttons (so-called “social plug-ins”) or integrated content from the providers.

The operator of Facebook is Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbor, Dublin 2, Ireland (“Facebook”). For an overview of Facebook web page elements and their look go to https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins.

The operator of Twitter is Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA (“Twitter”). For an overview of Twitter webpage elements and their look go to: https://dev.twitter.com/web/overview.

The operator of LinkedIn is LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Website elements of LinkedIn are recognizable by the LinkedIn logo.

The operator of YouTube is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA, a company belonging to Google Inc., Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Website elements of YouTube are recognizable by the YouTube logo.

Your browser establishes a direct connection to the server of the respective Provider when you visit a page from our Website that contains such a website element. The content of the website element is transmitted by the respective Provider directly to your browser and integrated into the Website. By integrating the website elements, the Providers gain knowledge that your browser has accessed the corresponding page of our Website, and even if you do not have a profile with the respective Provider or are not logged in at the time. This information (including your IP address) is transmitted by your browser directly to a server of the respective Provider in the USA and stored there.

If you are logged into one of the services, the respective Provider can directly assign the visit to our Website to your profile with this Provider.

We have no influence on the parameters of the data that the Providers lift out with the help of the website elements. For details on the purpose and extent of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by the Providers as well as your related rights and setting options for protecting your privacy, please refer to the privacy policy of the provider:

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/

Twitter: https://twitter.com/en/privacy

LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy

YouTube: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en

You would need to log out of each Provider’s services if you want to prevent Providers from directly associating the data collected through our Website with your profile in that service. Finally, there is the possibility of completely preventing the loading of the website elements with browser add-ons.

6. Web Beacons
We currently contract with several online partners to help manage and optimize our Internet business and communications. We use the services of a marketing company to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our Website. To do this, we use Web beacons and cookies provided by the marketing company. A “web beacon,” is also called a web bug or a pixel tag or a clear GIF. Used in combination with cookies, a web beacon is an often-transparent graphic image, usually no larger than 1pixel x 1 pixel, that is placed on a website or in an e-mail that is used to monitor the behavior of the user visiting the website or sending the e-mail. By supplementing our records, this information helps us learn things about, for example, what pages are most attractive to our visitors and which of our services most interest our customers. Although the marketing company logs the information coming from our Website on our behalf, we control how that data may and may not be used. If you do not wish to help us learn how to improve our site, products and offers, you can Opt-out of this Website analysis tool by emailing us at data-privacy@lionbridge.com.

7. Cookies Used on This Website
Our Website uses single-session (temporary) and multi-session (persistent) cookies. Temporary cookies last only as long as your web browser is open and are used for technical purposes such as enabling better navigation on our Website. Once you close your browser, the cookie disappears. Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods and are used for purposes including tracking the number of unique visitors to our site and information such as the number of views a page gets, how much time a user spends on a page, and other pertinent web statistics. Cookies, by themselves, will not be used by the Company to disclose your individual identity. This information identifies your browser, but not you, to our servers when you visit the Website. If you want to disable the use of cookies or remove them at any time from your computer, you can disable or delete them using your browser (consult your browser’s “Help” menu to learn how to delete cookies); however, you must enable cookies to access certain information on our Website.

III. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Below please find information about how we process information collected about you (including personal data) as well as the corresponding legal basis. We may process your information where the processing is:

Necessary for entering into or the performance of a contract with you. For example:
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products, and services that you request from us. To process your job application. Necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation.
Necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by a third party or us (to the extent it does not infringe on any data subject’s fundamental rights and freedoms). For example:
To ensure that content from our Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer. To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service (when you choose to do so). To keep our Website safe and secure. To provide you with technical support and to improve our Website and services. To provide you with information that you have requested and respond to your inquiries. To notify you about changes to our service or our Website. If you are an existing customer, to communicate (including by email and SMS) with you to provide information about goods and services similar to those that were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you. Subject to applicable law and regulations, in the event of a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization, or liquidation, to transfer, sell, or assign to third parties information concerning your relationship with us, including, without limitation, personal data that you provide and other information concerning your relationship with us.
Pursuant to valid consent provided by you, in order to provide you with information about goods or services we feel may interest you. If you do not want us to use your data in this way, simply do not opt-in when we ask for your consent on the relevant forms where we collect your data or unsubscribe by sending your request to data-privacy@lionbridge.com. For any other purpose where you have provided valid consent where it is legally required.
IV. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. Subject to applicable law and regulations, we may disclose personal data that we collect or you provide as described in this policy:

To any member of our group, which means our affiliates and subsidiaries for the purposes of:
Carrying out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products, and services that you request from us. Processing your job application. Providing you with information that you have requested and responding to your inquiries. If you are an existing customer, communicating (including by email and SMS) with you to provide information about goods and services similar to those that were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you. Subject to applicable law and regulations, in the event of a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization, or liquidation, to transfer, sell, or assign to third parties information concerning your relationship with us, including, without limitation, personal data that you provide and other information concerning your relationship with us.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business or in connection with the administration and support of the activities noted above and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal data confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them (e.g., database hosting providers, managed services providers, developers, consultants; service providers assisting us with customer relationship management, content development and management as well as facilitating the upload of documents provided by you through our Website). If you have any questions or concerns about a service provider or partner, please contact us at data-privacy@lionbridge.com. To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal data held by the Company about our Website users is among the assets transferred. To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you email us asking us to contact a third party, we may transmit the contents of your email to the recipient. For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide your information or with your consent when required by applicable law and regulations. If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers, or others. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please contact us at data-privacy@lionbridge.com.

V. CROSS-BORDER TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”), including the USA. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or other entities acting as data processors processing data on behalf of us. This includes staff engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your request or order and the provision of support services. For intra-group data transfers, the Company has implemented international data transfer agreements on the basis of EU Standard Contractual Clauses in order to provide appropriate and suitable safeguards for personal data being transferred to countries outside the EEA where an adequate level of protection is not already guaranteed. For transfers to third party processors the Company has implemented different safeguards such as EU Standard Contractual Clauses or certification under the EU-US Privacy Shield, as the case may be. To obtain a copy of the relevant safeguards, please contact us at data-privacy@lionbridge.com.

VI. DATA RETENTION
Unless otherwise required by law, the Company will erase personal data when it is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed; when you withdraw your consent (where lawfulness of processing was based on your consent) and there is no other legal ground for the processing; when you object to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing; when your personal data has been unlawfully processed; and when it is necessary to comply with legal obligations.

VII. CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal data you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:

Cookie settings. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly. Do Not Track. We do not currently respond to ‘do not track’ signals as we do not track our customers across third party websites. Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your contact information used by the Company to promote our own products or services, you can check certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also always exercise your right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes by sending us your request to data-privacy@lionbridge.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions. Please note that this does not apply to information provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience, or other transactions.
VIII. YOUR RIGHTS WITH REGARD TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We remind you that you may at any time exercise certain rights you may have under applicable law and regulation, including the following rights:

The right to request access to your personal data, which includes the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether or not personal data concerning you is being processed, and where that is the case, access to the personal data and information related to how it is processed. The right to rectification or erasure of your personal data, which includes the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement, and certain rights to request us to erase your personal data without undue delay. The right to restrict or object to processing concerning your personal data, which includes restricting us from continuing to process your personal data under certain circumstances (e.g., where you contest the accuracy of your personal data, processing is unlawful, your personal data is no longer needed for the purposes of processing, or you have otherwise objected to processing related to automated individual decision-making). The right to data portability, which includes certain rights to have your personal data transmitted from us to another controller. Where data processing is based on your consent, the right to withdraw consent at any time. The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Any requests related to the above rights may be made by sending an email to data-privacy@lionbridge.com.

IX. DATA SECURITY
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Personal data provided to us in accordance with this policy will be encrypted in transit and at rest.

Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of your personal data is at your own risk.

X. THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
Our Website may contain links or references to other websites outside of our control. Please be aware that this policy does not apply to these websites. The Company encourages you to read the privacy statements and terms and conditions of linked or referenced websites you enter. These third-party websites may send their own cookies and other tracking devices to you, log your IP address, and otherwise collect data or solicit personal data. THE COMPANY DOES NOT CONTROL AND IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR WHAT THIRD PARTIES DO IN CONNECTION WITH THEIR WEBSITES, OR HOW THEY HANDLE YOUR PERSONAL DATA. PLEASE EXERCISE CAUTION AND CONSULT THE PRIVACY POLICIES POSTED ON EACH THIRD-PARTY WEBSITE FOR FURTHER INFORMATION.

XI. CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 16
Our Website is not intended for children under 16 years of age, and the Company does not knowingly collect or use any personal data from children under the age of 16. No one under the age of 16 may provide any information to or on the Website. If we learn we have collected or received personal data from a child under the age of 16, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 16, please contact us at data-privacy@lionbridge.com.

XII. REVISIONS TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time. Any changes we make will be posted on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat your personal data, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. The date this policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible periodically monitoring and reviewing any updates to this policy. Your continued use of our Website after such amendments will be deemed your acknowledgement of these changes to this policy.

XIII. DATA CONTROLLER & CONTACT INFORMATION
The data controller is:

Lionbridge Technologies, Inc., 1050 Winter Street, Suite 2300, Waltham, MA 02451, USA

Should you have any questions or concerns about this policy and our privacy practices, you may also contact us at data-privacy@lionbridge.com or for Germany our external Data Protection Officer at:

UIMC Dr. Voßbein GmbH & Co KG
Nützenberger Straße 119
42115 Wuppertal
https://Datenschutz.UIMC.de
Tel: +49 (0) 202 – 265 74 0

