PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
Spark Networks SE, 25 May 2018

 

Contents

1. Who we are.

2. Information we collect.

2.1 Log Files.
2.2 Cookies.

2.3 Google Universal Analytics.
2.4 Data Transferred to Workable.
3. Your Rights.
3.1 Consent.
3.2 Individual Rights.
3.3 Lawfulness of Processing.
4. Further Information.


1. Who we are
Spark Networks SE is a leading global dating company with a portfolio of premium dating websites designed for singles seeking serious relationships.

Spark Networks SE, respects your privacy and has developed this Privacy Policy to illustrate that we are committed to the protection of your privacy and how we use any data and information we collect, with whom we share it and how we safeguard it.  We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully before using our website. By using our websites, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

This website privacy policy was updated on: 5th May 2918


2. Information we collect
We monitor visits to our website, principally so that we can make sure that it is easy to navigate, identify the areas that are of particular interest to visitors and generally improve the site and our services.

The information that we collect in this process will not identify you as an individual. We do not seek to identify individual visitors unless they volunteer their contact details through one of the contact features on the site. In some circumstances, our records will identify organizations visiting our site and we may use that information in managing our relationships with those organizations – for example, in considering how to develop the services that we offer them.

The Services offered by us are not directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under 13 years of age. If we identify that we have collected information from users under the age of 13, we will take immediate measures to delete their data.

To provide this service, we collect process and use a range of your personal information. We take measures to guarantee the privacy of our user’s private information, such as pseudonymization and anonymization.

The protection of your personal data is very important to us. We comply with the strict provisions of German and European data protection law.


2.1 Log Files
If you visit our website Spark Networks SE, we need and collect from you only so-called log files. By default, however, when visiting our website, we store the following information:

IP address (Internet Protocol address) of the accessing computer
The website from which you visit us (referrer)
The websites you visit with us
The date and duration of the visit
Browser type and browser settings
Operating system
This data is evaluated for statistical purposes only in order to optimize our offer. This data is not used to identify you.

This website contains links to our various websites which we own and operate. The linked sites have different privacy policies than that of this website, and we recommend that before you provide any personal information, you review the privacy policy associated with the site where you will be submitting your information.


2.2 Cookies
We use data collection devices such as “cookies”. “Cookies” are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing customized services. We also offer certain features that are only available through the use of a “cookie”. Cookies can also help us provide information which is targeted to your interests. Cookies are not used to run programs or to load viruses onto your computer. Instead, the main purpose of cookies is to provide you with a tailored offer and to make the use of the service as comfortable as possible.

Most cookies are “session cookies,” meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session. Cookies contain, for example, information about your previous access to the respective server or information about which offers were previously called. Most browsers are set by default to accept cookies. However, you can configure your browser to refuse cookies or to ask for confirmation beforehand. If you refuse cookies, however, this may mean that not all of our offers work for you smoothly.


2.3 Google Universal Analytics
We use Google Analytics (including the feature Universal Analytics), a web analytics service provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”), but with the extension “_anonymize Ip ()”.  This way only data that excludes direct reference to individuals is processed.

The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing others with website and internet related services. Reports created by Google contain demographic and interests data that have been based on your interaction with advertisements, or your visits to sites of advertisements. Google may also transfer this information to third parties unless required by law or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. We point out, however, that you may not be able to use all features of this website in this case.

You can object to the collection and analysis of your use of the Service Google Universal Analytics. Please use the browser add-on to disable Google Universal Analytics.

For more information on Terms of Use and Privacy Policy can be found at:

www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html

http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html 


2.4 Data Transferred to Workable
Interested applicants can apply to our vacancies through the ‘Career’ option we provide in our website. In order to optimize your application experience we use the online tool Workable (https://www.workable.com/).

In order for you to apply for a vacancy to one of Spark´s company, you will need to submit your application through Workable. Therefore you’ll be redirected to the Workable webpage. Workable will transfer your submitted data to our respective subsidiary, where we will then assess your application.

We have taken legal measures to ensure that Workable will protect your privacy according to European Union data protection standards.

After the application process has ended, applicants are given the option to choose if they want to allow Spark Networks to keep their application information in case there is a future opening that might interest them. If applicants chose the option ‘No’ then their personal information will be automatically deleted within 6 months and not be stored. However, even if applicants chose ‘Yes’ but change their mind in the future, they can request from Spark Networks to opt-out from the list of applicants, and we will make sure to remove their personal data from our registry.

If you have given consent to the storage of your personal data submitted during the application process, it will be stored for one year and then deleted automatically.


3. Your Rights
You have the following rights in relation to your information, which you may exercise at any time in written form.

3.1 Consent
If we use data for a purpose, which by provisions of law requires your consent, we will always ask for your explicit agreement and record your consent. You can revoke your given consent at any time and / or object to future use of your data. To revoke consent or make an objection, sending us an e-mail at dataprotection@spark.net will suffice.

3.2  Individual Rights
The right to be informed
The right to be informed encompasses Spark Networks SE obligation to provide ‘fair processing information’, typically through a privacy notice. It emphasizes the need for transparency over how we use your personal data.

The right of access
The Right of Access gives you the right to request from Spark Networks SE information regarding your personal data. You have the right to request to: a) obtain information whether your personal data is being processed, b) in case it is, you can require to access the data and obtain a copy, and c) request to obtain supplementary information about the processing.

The right to rectification
It gives you the right to require from the Spark Networks SE to rectify inaccuracies about your personal data. In case the data that Spark Networks SE possess is not up to date or incomplete, you can require to complete the data.

The right to erasure/ Right to be forgotten
The Right to Erasure allows you to require from the Spark Networks SE to remove or delete their personal data from their system, so that their data cannot be found by third parties.

The right to restrict processing
The right to restriction of processing allows you to demand from Spark Networks SE to stop processing your personal data however, Spark Networks SE will still be able to store the data

The right to data portability
The Right to Data Portability gives   you the right to require from Spark Networks SE to provide information in a structured, commonly used and machine readable form so that if you require it may be transferred to another data controller without hindrance.

The right to object
The Right to Object allows you to prevent Spark Networks SE from further processing their personal data if there are no legitimate grounds for the processing of the data.

Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.
You have the right to refuse to be subject of automated data processing, if the decisions produce legal effects or if they significantly affect you.

The right to withdraw consent at any time
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing consent will be made easy by us.

The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
If we do not respond to your request within a month, you have the right to lodge a complaint at the supervisory authority, and seek a judicial remedy.

 

3.3 Lawfulness of Processing
Spark Networks SE processes your data on the basis of Article 6(a) and 6(f) which state:

“(a) the data subject has given consent to the processing of his or her personal data for one or more specific purposes;”and
“(f) processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data, in particular where the data subject is a child.”
If we use personal information for a purpose, which by provisions of law requires your consent, we will always ask for your explicit agreement and record your consent.

 

4. Further Information
For more information you can contact us at

Spark Networks SE

Kohlfurter Strasse 41/43

10999 Berlin

Deutschland (Germany)

Email: dataprotection@spark.net

Fax: +49 30 868 000 220

Phone Number: +49 30 868 000 111