ALLIANCE RESOURCE PARTNERS, L.P.
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Alliance Resource Partners, L.P. ("ARLP,” "we," or "us") respects the privacy of visitors to our
website. This privacy policy applies only to information that we collect online through the
publicly accessible pages of ARLP.com and does not apply to any information that we collect
offline or through any other website. Please read this policy carefully so that you understand
what information we collect through our site and what we do with that information. If you have
questions about this policy, please email us at webmaster@arlp.com.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USE
Personally-Identifying Information. You do not have to disclose any personally-identifying
information to use this website. The only personally-identifying information that we gather is
information that you voluntarily provide to us. For example, if you submit an application for
employment to us through our General Application Form, we may use your name, email address
and any other personally-identifying information you provide to evaluate, and to communicate
with you about, your application. We also will keep a record of your application.
Cookies and Web Beacons. To help us tailor our website to the needs and interests of our
visitors, we keep track of the pages visited by our users by sending one or more cookies – a small
file containing a string of characters – to our visitors' computers or other devices. Each cookie
contains an ID number that allows us to track the pages a user has visited using a particular web
browser. We aggregate this data with data about the pages visited by other users to track overall
visitor traffic patterns. Cookies do not reveal personally-identifying information and cannot read
unrelated data on your hard drive. The “Help” function on most web browsers contains
information on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting a cookie or to disable
cookies entirely.
To help us count how many users are accessing particular pages within our website, and to
analyze how users navigate within our site, we may also place small files called web beacons or
“clear gifs” on the pages of our website. Each web beacon delivers a small graphic image
(usually invisible) that is rendered by your browser along with the other content of the page on
which the beacon is located. When you view a web page containing one of our beacons, our
servers record certain information such as whether we have previously set a cookie on your
browser, the time and date that the page is viewed, and a description of the page on which the
beacon is located. The information we collect through web beacons does not identify you
personally. Together with cookies, web beacons help us understand how our visitors use and
navigate through our website. We use this information to improve our site by making it more
responsive to the needs of our users. When you visit our website, third-party web analytics
service providers that we engage may also use web beacons and cookies to collect and analyze
anonymous traffic and navigation information on our behalf.
Browser Level Information. Our web servers automatically collect and log limited information
that your browser sends whenever you visit a website, including the type of browser software 
you use, the operating system you are running, the resolution of your computer monitor, the
website that referred you, the domain of your Internet service provider and your IP address. (An
IP address is a numerical address that identifies your computer to other computers connected to
the Internet so that data – such as the web pages you want to view – can be transmitted to
you.) We use this information to make our website as useful as we can for as many users as
possible.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
We will not disclose personally-identifying information collected through our website to third
parties except as provided in this privacy policy. We reserve the right to release personallyidentifying
information about our website visitors when we believe that such disclosure is
necessary or appropriate to comply with law, valid legal process or a governmental request. We
also reserve the right to disclose personally-identifying information when we believe that such
disclosure is appropriate to enforce our Terms of Use, or to protect the safety or property of
ARLP, visitors to our site, the public, or our personnel. We may also disclose personallyidentifying
information about our website visitors to affiliated companies or third-party service
providers that we engage to analyze, store or process information on our behalf or otherwise
assist us with the operation of our website. We further reserve the right to use and disclose
information (such as browser level information, anonymous website traffic and navigation data,
etc.) that is not personally identifying to third parties as we see fit. In addition, in the event that
ARLP is acquired by or merges with another company (or otherwise transfers substantially all of
its assets to another entity), information collected from our website visitors could be among the
transferred assets.
LINKS AND FEATURES OFFERED IN CONJUNCTION WITH OTHER PROVIDERS
Our website may include links to other websites that are operated by third parties. ARLP does
not have any control over the privacy practices of these other websites. When you access
another website through our website, any information you provide while visiting that other site is
governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting. We encourage you to
review the privacy policy of any third-party website you access from our website.
SECURITY
To the extent we gather information from users of our website, that information is stored on
servers maintained in protected environments. No physical or electronic security system is
impenetrable, however, and we cannot guarantee the security of the servers or databases used to
store information collected on our website. We also cannot guarantee that information you
supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. Any information
you provide to us is done at your own risk.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
The Internet continues to evolve. If we decide to change our privacy policy in the future, we will
post the changes here and update the reference to the effective date to reflect the date of the 
amendment. Your use of the site after any such changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of
the changes. 