Privacy Policy
Arch Coal, Inc. is committed to protecting your online privacy while providing you with the most useful Web experience possible. While you can use many features of archcoal.com anonymously, you are required to provide personal information to gain access to some of our content and services.

How we collect and use personal information
We collect specific personal information in five instances.

If you wish to contact us by e-mail using the feature in our Investor Section, we capture Subject, Comments, your name and e-mail. This information is temporarily stored and then forwarded directly to our Investor Relations department so they can respond to your comments or questions.

If you wish to be notified of upcoming events or receive news items or other pertinent information alerts, we will store your e-mail address in a database so we can send you this information, as it is available. Your e-mail is not used for any other purpose.

If you ask us to send you printed material, we collect name and address information. This information is not stored but it is forwarded to our Investor Relations department so they can send out the materials.

If you register to use our Equipment Sale section, we collect name, address, company, e-mail, phone, and fax information as well as a password you select. This information is stored in a database and used to authenticate your identity when you return to use this section of the Site. This information is only used in conjunction with equipment sales.

If you send us your resume in response to a job posting, it will immediately be forwarded to our Human Resources department and will not remain within the Site. As with any resume we receive by any means, we keep this information strictly confidential and file it only as long as necessary to meet hiring or governmental reporting needs. 

How we protect your personal information
All personal data you enter on archcoal.com is stored in secure databases with extremely limited access. The same state-of-the-art security software we use to guard all of our company's essential business data protects your personal data as well.

In addition to using the most secure technology available, we work tirelessly to make sure that we use any information you provide us only in ways you have approved. We send you only the e-mail you have approved in your account information.

How we use "cookies"
The Arch Coal Web site does not use cookies. Our third-party Investor Relations and News site provider uses cookies for usage reporting and collects only institutional name and pages accessed.

What we provide to third parties
This Site does not provide any third-party access to your personal information except in the instance where you register to be alerted by e-mail of pertinent company information, such as news releases and upcoming events. In this instance, our third-party Investor Relations and News site provider maintains the database so they can generate the e-mail notice to you. They maintain strict security over your personal information and do not provide it to anyone else.

To facilitate analysis and continuous improvement to the Site, we may provide third party consulting or development companies with aggregate statistics about our users, traffic patterns, and related site information. This data reflects site usage patterns gathered during many customer visits to our Web site each month and does not contain behavioral or identifying information about any individual user.

Linking
As a convenience, this Site contains links to other sites that are not controlled by, or affiliated or associated with, Arch Coal. Accordingly, Arch Coal does not make any representations concerning the privacy practices or terms of use of such sites, nor does Arch Coal control or guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality of the information or other materials available on such sites. The inclusion or exclusion of a link to a site does not imply any endorsement by Arch Coal of the site, the site's provider, or the information on the site. Arch Coal is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. Arch Coal reserves the right to terminate any link or linking program at any time. Arch Coal does not endorse companies or products to which it links and reserves the right to note as such on its web pages. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this Site, you do this entirely at your own risk.

Obtaining your consent
By using our Web site, you give Arch Coal Inc. permission to collect information about the pages served to you as an anonymous user for the purpose of calculating aggregate site statistics. If you provide us with some personal information, you authorize Arch Coal Inc. to use this information to send you e-mails related to the subscription e-mail services to which you subscribe or send surface mail related to a request for materials.

If you are under the age of 18, you must not provide your name, e-mail address, or any other identifying information without the consent of your parent or guardian, or as otherwise provided for by applicable law.

Updates
Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.

Tell us what you think
Arch Coal, Inc. welcomes your questions and comments about our privacy policy. Please send e-mail to webmaster@archcoal.com.