PRIVACY POLICY
Some areas of our Site may request or require personal information. This Privacy Policy explains why we request or require that information and what we do that information. 

Why we collect personal information 

We collect personal information because it helps us deliver a superior level of customer service. It enables us to give you convenient access to our products and services and focus on categories of greatest interest to you. In addition, your personal information helps us keep you posted on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers, and events that you might like to hear about. We need this information to help us improve our services to you; we want to make it easier to tailor our products and services to your particular needs. We also want you to have the most enjoyable Internet experience possible. With that in mind, we collect personal information and other data in order to:

Make the website easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once.
Provide information faster.
Create content more relevant to you.
Adjust the website to your personal preferences.
Help you quickly find products, services or information available from FalconStor.
Make improvements to the website.
Assess general trends within the website.
Alert you to new products and services that we think might be of interest to you. This might be done through direct contact with you or by customized postings on our websites.
Where you have given us your permission we also might authorize other companies to contact you directly.
Enable you to use certain customized features and to save information for later visits to the website.
Create and deliver other similar business-related features and services. Offer you occasional opportunities to provide us with feedback about our products or services.
When we disclose your information 

We take your privacy very seriously. Be assured that we do not sell or rent your contact information to other marketers. To help us provide superior service, your personal information may be shared with legal entities within the FalconStor Software group globally who will safeguard it in accordance with FalconStor's privacy policy. There are also times when it may be advantageous for us to make certain personal information about you available to companies that we have a strategic relationship with or that perform work for us to provide products and services to you on our behalf. These companies may help us process information, extend credit, fulfill customer orders, deliver products to you, manage and enhance customer data, provide customer service, assess your interest in our products and services, or conduct customer research or satisfaction surveys. These companies are also obligated to protect your personal information in accordance with these policies. Without such information being made available, it would be difficult for you to purchase products, have products delivered to you, receive customer service, provide us feedback to improve our products and services, or access certain services, offers, and content on the Site. 

At times we may be required by law or litigation to disclose your personal information. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary. 

How we protect your personal information 

FalconStor Software operates in many countries throughout the world. Information may be collected in the U.S. and transferred to outside the U.S. in certain instances. 

We take precautions to protect your personal information, including our policy of allowing access to this personal information to only to those individuals and entities with a need to know. We also use available technology and encryption, when legally required or when appropriate for your protection, to provide a more secure environment and to reduce the chance of unauthorized access. 

Personal information is stored in a secure environment protected by a combination of physical and technical measures. The information may be kept in separate locations or it may be aggregated into reports, lists or databanks. There is no general public access to this information. In some cases, the personal information may be encrypted before you conduct your transaction, using appropriate secure technology. If you send us correspondence such as email or postal mail, or contact us by phone, we may collect such information in a file specific to you. These files will also be stored in secure locations. 

Always keep in mind, however, that the Internet is not a secure system and you should always be cautious about the information you disclose while you are online. Although we take steps to protect your personal information against loss, misuse and alteration, as is the case with all computer networks linked to the Internet, we cannot absolutely guarantee the security of your personal information provided over the Internet and we will not be responsible for loss, misuse or alteration of the Personal Information. 

Cookies and other technologies 

As is standard practice on many corporate websites, our Site uses "cookies" and other technologies to help us understand which parts of our websites are the most popular, where our visitors are going, and how much time they spend there. Cookies are identifiers that can be sent from a web site via your browser to be placed on your computers hard drive. Thereafter when you visit a web site, a message is sent back to the web server by the browser accessing the web site. You may elect not to accept cookies by changing the designated settings on your web browser. However, not utilizing cookies may prevent you from using certain functions and features of web sites. The information collected from the use of cookies is used and analyzed to improve our Site. 

You can set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. The information we collect and analyze is used to improve our service to you and personalize your web-browsing experience. 

As is true of most Web sites, we also gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. 

We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We will not use the information collected to market directly to that person. 

What is the process for reviewing and correcting information? 

You may request a copy of the personal information that we have collected. You may also correct any inaccuracies contained in this Personal Information. We do not charge for information requests, although we may charge you a fee to cover our reasonable costs of actually providing you with a copy of your personal information. We will require proof of your identity. Please address requests to Web Service Representative, FalconStor Software, Inc., 2 Huntington Quadrangle, Suite 2S01, Melville, NY 11747 or contact our website administrator. We will provide you with a readable copy of the personal information within a reasonable time period after your request (usually 30 days, although we will acknowledge your request within 14 days). You may challenge the data that we hold about you, and, where appropriate, you may have the data corrected or completed. In some instances recognized by law, we may refuse to provide you with a copy of the personal information or change the data, but we will give you reasons for our refusal. 

We also welcome your questions, comments and suggestions about our Privacy Policy. Please send your comments to our website administrator. 

We may update this privacy policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated privacy policy. 

Linked Sites 

Our privacy policy only covers our website at http://FalconStor.com and any subdomains. e.g., http://community.FalconStor.co... areas of our website might contain links to third party sites. We do not control the linked sites and we are not responsible for their privacy practices. We suggest that you check the privacy policies of these sites before providing any personal information to them. 

Trademark Notices 

All registered and unregistered trademarks, names and logos used on the Site are used with the permission of FalconStor or the relevant third party owners.

Microsoft Exchange is a registered trademark of Microsoft Corporation.
Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation.
Sybase is a registered trademark of Sybase Corporation.
Lotus Notes, DB2, and Informix are registered trademarks of IBM Corporation. Domino is a trademark of IBM Corporation.
Logo Usage 

Use of FalconStor's logos is by permission only. To request approval and guidelines for logo usage, please contact FalconStor Corporate Marketing.