McGrath RentCorp Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Commitment

We understand some of your personal information may be of a sensitive nature and that you may have concerns about sharing this personal information with us. If you choose to interact with us, we will protect your privacy in the ways listed in this policy. The way your personal information is shared may depend on the McGrath RentCorp division you’re subscribed to. Please see the different services below for information about how your personal information is shared. If your service is not listed below, the general terms of this policy will apply. This policy may change from time to time so please check back periodically at www.mgrc.com



General Terms

The Information We Collect
When you submit a request with McGrath RentCorp, we need to know your name and email address. We may, at times, ask for other personal information in order to provide you with a more valuable, personalized experience by designing better services for you.


How We Share Information
We are always trying to provide you with a valuable online experience and a compelling reason to return to our site. We monitor customer traffic patterns and try to analyze what our customers like and don’t like about our current offerings, so that we can design better services for you. We reserve the right to release information contained within our access logs concerning any visitor or member when that visitor or member is in violation of any terms of service or other published guidelines, or participates (or is reasonably suspected of participating) in any illegal activity, even without a subpoena, warrant, or other court order, and to release such information in response to discovery requests. We cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who may be using our servers or services for illegal activities. We also reserve the right to report any suspected illegal activity to law enforcement for investigation or prosecution.


Cookies
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive or in memory. We may set and access cookies on your computer. Cookies must be enabled to use our site.



Receiving Email
We will contact you by email when you subscribe or submit a general request and will respond to any questions you may send us via email. If you are an existing customer, a subscriber or have initiated a request, we also send you email communications to provide information which we think you will find useful, including announcements about new products and services from us. We use your email address in the foregoing manner until you explicitly unsubscribe.


System Generated Email
If you elect to use our web site to initiate a request for information, you will receive confirmation emails from us. We consider System Generated Emails like this as solicited and not covered under our opt-out option.


Your Consent
By using this website and the services available to you on our site, you consent to our collection and use of your information as described above. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post the changes on this page so that you are always aware of our policies.


Links To Other Sites
We may provide links to a number of other sites that we believe can offer you useful information and services. However, we are not responsible for the privacy policies of or any actions of any third parties that control the activities of such third-party sites. We suggest contacting the relevant parties controlling these sites or accessing their online policies for the relevant information about their data collection.