Privacy Policy
The following privacy policy will be deemed to have been accepted by you upon use of the website www.tsrconsulting.com. You are requested to read this policy carefully before you use this website or any information or services provided by this website.

This Website is intended for use by persons 18 years or age or older. If you are under the age of 18 you should not submit information to the Site. If you believe that we may have inadvertently obtained personal information regarding a child under age 18, please contact us and we will remove all such information from our records. See "Contacting TSR about the Website" below.

Within this Privacy Policy, the terms you and your shall refer to any user who is browsing the website. The terms TSR, Inc. and TSR shall refer to the corporate entity TSR, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary TSR Consulting Services, Inc. The term Site and Website refer to the website www.tsrconsulting.com, which is owned and monitored by TSR, Inc.

Intent of our Privacy Policy

Your privacy is very important to us. To help protect you, TSR Inc. is committed to safeguarding your privacy online, and has created this Website Privacy Policy Statement to explain our online information collection and use practices.

Information Collection

You may visit our site anonymously. If you wish to utilize services of the Site (such as our job postings webpage), or contact us with questions or comments, you may be requested to provide certain personal information, including, but not limited to, your name, address, email address, phone number and other information knowingly provided by you in online forms, registration forms, surveys or other communications with us.
Your personal information submitted through the Site’s job postings webpage is transmitted to a database owned by TSR but hosted by a third party vendor which has signed agreements with TSR, Inc., including non-disclosure of job candidate’s personal information. TSR does not warrant or represent that any such third party service, or the TSR Site, will be error-free or will protect a job candidate’s personal information from disclosure or misuse.
In addition, we may also automatically collect and/or track from our visitors without further disclosure or notification other information which is not personally identifying, including without limitation, the following information: home server domain name, type and machine ID of client computer, type of Web browser, platform used, name of the visitor's internet service provider, domain name, search engine, "keyword" or link used to access our site, number of "hits" or "page views" on our Web site, country where the visitor resides, referring Web page, and day of the week and time of day that visitor visited our Web site.
Use of Information You Provide

Any of the information we collect from you may be used in the following ways:

To personalize your experience on the Website
To improve the Website based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
For marketing and promotional purposes, for a statistical analysis of users' behavior, product development, content improvement, and to customize content and layout of our Web site.
If you submitted your information via the Website’s “Job Finder” webpage, or otherwise provided TSR with information for the purpose of being considered for job opportunities, we may add your information, including your name, postal and e-mail addresses and phone numbers, to our databases, which are used to assist us in locating and/or hiring people who may be interested in certain job opportunities.
If you submitted your information via the Website’s “Job Finder” webpage, or otherwise provided TSR with information for the purpose of being considered for job opportunities, we may use your information to contact you by e-mail, phone, or postal mail for purposes of discussing or informing you of job opportunities you may be interested in.
Disclosure of information to outside parties

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to outside partieswithout your permission. This does not include hosting and processing, for TSR’s use, of yourinformation by trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, maintaining ourdatabases, servicing you or otherwise conducting our business, so long as those parties agree tokeep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release isappropriate to comply with the law, enforce our Website Terms of Use and Privacy Policies, orprotect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitorinformation may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

Security

Your privacy is of paramount importance to us. This Website has security measures in placeintended to protect the loss, misuse, and/or unauthorized alteration or disclosure of informationunder our control. Likewise, TSR’s internal systems and any third party vendors where data maybe stored or processed have security features intended to prevent loss and unauthorized access.

TSR, Inc. does not warrant or in any way represent that the TSR Website, storage, transmission orprocessing of personal information, or any third party website or service that TSR may utilize willbe error-free or will protect your personal information from disclosure, misuse or loss in allinstances.

Hyperlinks to Other Websites

TSR’s Website contains links to third party websites. TSR, Inc is not responsible for the privacypractices or content of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave ourSite and to read the privacy statements of each website that collects personally identifiableinformation. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Website.

At our discretion, we may include or offer third party services on our Website. These third partyservices have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility orliability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we want to protect theintegrity of our Site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

Cookies

Currently the Website does not use cookies.

There are technologies, including "cookies", which can be used to provide you with a website experience more specific to you. A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then store it on your computer system. TSR Inc. currently does not use cookies on its Website, however, we reserve the right to use cookies or other technologies in order to provide a more personalized experience for you on future visits to our Site. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, or to reject cookies completely.

Log Files

TSR, Inc may use IP addresses or other information from server log files to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement within the site, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. TSR does not associate IP addresses with personally identifiable information.

Terms of Use

Please visit our Website’s Terms of Use web page establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our Website.

Privacy Policy May Change

TSR, Inc. may revise this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice to you. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon modification of this Policy on the Site.

Opt-Out Right and Correction or Update of Personal Information

Upon a visitor's request via postal mail, e-mail, or phone, we will modify, correct, change, or update that visitor's personal information or cause their personal information to be removed from our database. See "Contacting TSR about the Web Site" below.

Contacting TSR about the Web Site

If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your interaction with the Site, you may contact TSR, Inc. using the e-mail address info@tsrconsulting.com