Privacy Policy
Scientific Games
Website Privacy Policy

Effective Date: November 1, 2018

This website is developed and maintained by Scientific Games Corporation (hereinafter “Scientific Games,” “we,” or “us”).  The data controller is Scientific Games and can be contacted as explained below in the How to Contact Us section.  The data protection officer is:

Heward Mills
15 Old Bailey Rd., London EC4M 7EF
DPO@scientificgames.com

When you visit our website, official social media sites, or other online properties, collectively “Sites” or “Services,” Scientific Games may collect and use certain information about you.  Scientific Games recognizes that you care about how your information is used, and your privacy is important to us.  This Privacy Policy explains how we may collect and use your information, particularly your personal information, and the choices you can make about what information you share. 

This Privacy Policy applies to information collected by our Sites and Services, including, but not limited to, all websites that post a link to this Privacy Policy.  Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.  By continuing to interact with our Sites, you are agreeing to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

If you are located in the European Union (“EU”) or the United Kingdom (“UK”), this Privacy Policy also informs you about the management of your personal data and your rights in accordance with Article 13 of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).

UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY

We ask that you read this Privacy Policy from time to time.  Scientific Games may modify this Privacy Policy at any time in its sole discretion.  If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that increase our rights to use personal information we have previously collected about you, we will first obtain your consent where required by law.  If Scientific Games intends to further process collected personal data for a purpose other than that for which the personal data were collected, prior to that further processing, we shall provide you with information on that other purpose and with additional information necessary to ensure fair and transparent processing.

INFORMATION WE COLLECT

Scientific Games collects information about you when you interact with our Sites and Services.  When you use our Sites and Services, we collect information about one or more devices associated with you that you use to access the Sites, such as a computer, mobile phone, or tablet.  We collect, store, and use information you provide to us from one or more devices associated with you when you use our Sites, including when you log into the Sites or Services from one or more of your devices, register for an account, complete a web form, make a purchase, add or update your account information, apply for a job at Scientific Games, or otherwise correspond with us regarding the Sites.  Information that we collect includes your name, physical address, country of residence, email address, telephone number, language, social media information or profile, gender, and employment history information.  In addition, when you make a purchase through our Sites, either Scientific Games or a third-party payment processor will collect billing information, such as payment card information.

INFORMATION WE AUTOMATICALLY COLLECT

We automatically collect information about the devices you use to interact with our Sites.  We automatically collect your device identifier, web browser type and version, IP address, precise geolocation, and browsing information collected through cookies and beacons.  We also automatically collect information about how you use the Sites, such as what you have searched for and viewed on the Sites.  The information automatically collected will be associated with any personal information you have provided.

We collect certain information by automated means when you visit our Sites, such as how many users visited our Sites and the pages accessed.  By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor our Sites to our visitors.  We collect this information through various means such as “cookies” and “web beacons.”

Cookies.  Like many companies, we use “cookies” on some of our Sites.  Cookies are pieces of code placed on your devices when you visit certain websites.  We use cookies to tell us, for example, whether you have visited us before or if you are a new visitor, and to help us identify features of the Sites in which you may have the greatest interest.  Cookies may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular website.

Most web browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies.  Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of the features and functionality of the Sites.

Web Beacons.  Certain pages on our website contain “web beacons” (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags, and clear GIFs).  These web beacons allow third parties to obtain information, such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears; the URL of the page on which the beacon appears; the time the page containing the beacon was viewed; the type of browser used to view the page; and the information in cookies set by the third party.

IP Addresses.  An IP address is a unique identifier that certain electronic devices use to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet.  When you visit our website, we view the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet.  We then use this information to determine the general physical location of the device and understand the general locations of our website visitors.  We also use this information to enhance our Sites.

HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU

We may use your information for the following purposes:

To Communicate With You

To provide you with customer support;
To communicate with you about our products and services, including promotions and offers; or
To send you further notices, financial news notifications, promotions, solicitations, brochures, or other marketing materials regarding our Sites, our products, and the services of our businesses, affiliates, business partners or authorized dealers.
To Manage and Improve Our Business Operations

To provide you with access to the Services;
To serve the functions of the Sites;
To manage everyday business needs, such as administering and improving the Sites;
To analyze the performance and functioning of the Sites;
To analyze how you use the Sites and to perform other market research;
For internal operations, including troubleshooting, testing and analytics; and
To assist us in developing new products and improving our Services.
To Ensure a Secure Online Environment and Comply with Legal Obligations

Protect against and detect fraud, abuse, or other unlawful activity;
Enforce our Terms of Use, other corporate policies, and industry standards; and
Comply with all applicable laws and reporting obligations.
If you notify us that you do not wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, we will not send you marketing information. 

DO NOT TRACK

Our Sites do not collect personal information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services.  Therefore, “do not track” signals transmitted from web browsers do not apply to our Sites, and we do not alter any of our data collection and use practices upon receipt of such a signal.

BUSINESS STRUCTURE CHANGES

We reserve the right to disclose and transfer all information related to our Sites, including personal data:

To a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of one or more of the Sites; or
In connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, or restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our stock and/or assets, or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process.
INFORMATION WE SHARE

We share your information with third-party service providers who perform services and functions on our behalf to support our interactions with you including, for example, providing our products and services, processing your purchases, or communicating with you.  These third parties are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information, except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements.  These third parties have no independent rights to the data.

In addition, we will disclose information about you:

If we are required to do so by law or legal process;
To law enforcement authorities or other government officials, as necessary;
When we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation or suspected or actual illegal activity;
If necessary to protect the vital interests of a person;
To enforce our Terms of Use;
To protect our property, services, and legal rights;
To prevent fraud against Scientific Games, our affiliates, business partners, or authorized dealers;
To support auditing, compliance, and corporate governance functions; or
To comply with any and all applicable laws.
In certain situations, Scientific Games may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.

SOCIAL NETWORKING

This website allows users to sign into and associate social media accounts, including but not limited to, Facebook and LinkedIn, with the Sites and Services.  By using this functionality, you give Scientific Games permission to access all of the elements of your social network profile information that you have made available to be shared and to use it in accordance with the social network’s terms of use and this Privacy Policy.  Please refer to the privacy settings in your social network account for information about what data is shared with Scientific Games and other connected applications and to manage the data that is shared through your account, including information about your activities using our Sites.

Scientific Games does not retain your username or password for social networking platforms for any longer than is necessary to complete an interaction.  If you would like to disconnect a social media account from Scientific Games, please refer to the settings of that social media account and its provider.

CHILDREN’S PRIVACY

Our sites are general audience Sites not directed at children under the age of 13.  If we obtain actual knowledge that any information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 13, we will promptly delete that information.

YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS

If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by us to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes within the immediately preceding calendar year. We will provide you with a list of the categories of personal information disclosed and a list of the names and addresses of the third parties. To make such a request, please send an email including evidence of residency in California to DPO@scientificgames.com.

LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES

Our Sites may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. These websites may operate independently from our Sites. Linked websites may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked websites. To the extent any linked websites you visit are not part of this website, we are not responsible for their content, any use of the websites, or the privacy practices of any of those websites.

INFORMATION WE TRANSFER

The Sites to which this Privacy Policy applies are subject to United States law, unless otherwise provided herein. Scientific Games shall transfer personal data on a regular basis to its parent company outside the European Union and, more specifically, in the United States of America. Scientific Games shall ensure that all personal data from individuals in the European Union is processed in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation.  All such transfers shall be made through an approved transfer mechanism—such as our Intra-Group Data Transfer Agreement or Standard Contractual Clauses, or with your explicit consent.  Such agreements and clauses may be requested by contacting DPO@scientificgames.com.

In addition, we transfer the personal information we collect on the Sites to other countries where we do business, which may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you reside. When we transfer your information to other countries, we will protect that information as described here, even though a given country may not have the same privacy and data protection laws as the country in which you reside.

YOUR RIGHTS IF YOU ARE LOCATED IN THE EU OR UK

If you are located in the EU or the UK, we process your personal data when we have a legal basis to do so.  We will rely on the following legal bases for processing your personal data, depending on our purpose for such processing.

Legal Basis for Processing

You have consented to the processing of your personal data:  We will obtain your consent before using or sharing your data for advertising that is targeted based on your browsing history or online behavior on other websites or online services.  If you consent to our use of your personal data for any purpose, you have the right to withdraw consent at any time by contacting us, as explained below.

Processing is necessary to fulfill a legitimate interest:  We have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data for certain business and security purposes, to better understand our customers and the users of our Sites and Services, and to comply with applicable laws.

Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation: We will process personal data when necessary to comply with an obligation under EU or EU Member State law.

Processing is necessary to perform a contract: We will process personal data when necessary to perform a contract with you or to fulfill a request you have made.

Your Rights Regarding Your Personal Data

In addition, you have certain rights with respect to your personal data, subject to exceptions as provided in the GDPR.  If you would like to exercise any of the rights described below, please contact us at DPO@scientificgames.com or through one of the methods in the “How to Contact Us” section, below.

Right of Access: You have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether we are processing personal data about you, and if so, to request a copy of the information.  To help protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as requiring a password and user ID, before granting access to your information.

Right to Rectification: You have the right to correct any inaccuracies in the information that we hold about you and, where applicable, complete any incomplete information that we hold.

Right to Erasure: You have the right to request that we erase personal information that we hold about you, subject to certain conditions.

Right to Restrict Processing: You have the right to restrict our processing of your information, subject to certain conditions.

Right to Object: You have the right to object to processing of your personal information based on our legitimate interests at any time.  We will no longer process the information, unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for our processing that override your interests or the processing serves the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending legal claims.

Right to Withdraw Consent: When data processing is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before such withdrawal. 

Right to Data Portability: You also have a right to data portability when the data processing is based on consent or on a contract between you and Scientific Games and the data was processed by automated means.  You may exercise these rights by submitting a written request to the address noted above.

Right to Lodge a Complaint:  You have the right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate supervisory authority or data protection regulator in your jurisdiction.

HOW WE PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATION

We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction of the information you provide when visiting or using the Sites.

RETENTION OF INFORMATION

Scientific Games retains all personal information for the duration of the relevant business relationship or, where required, in accordance with its information management policies and schedules, subject to applicable laws.  When deleting personal information based on a request from the individual to whom the information relates, Scientific Games will make reasonable attempts to ensure that all instances of the information are deleted in their entirety.  For individuals in the EU or U.K. who wish to make requests for access, corrections, or deletion, please refer to the Your Rights Regarding Your Personal Data section above.

HOW TO CONTACT US

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact:

DPO@scientificgames.com.  If you would like to update your contact information or preferences, have your information removed from our mailing lists, or no longer receive marketing e-mails that we may send based on information collected via product registration cards or other sources, you may do so by:

Adjusting the settings in an account you created through the Sites;
Unsubscribing via the links contained in emails from us; or
Contacting us at DPO@scientificgames.com.