Analogic Privacy Policy

The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to describe how Analogic Corporation (“Analogic”) collects, uses, and transfers information received from or about you during visits to Analogic’s website, and to any other website operated by Analogic’s controlled subsidiaries and affiliates that include a direct link to this Privacy Policy (collectively the “Sites”)

By visiting the Sites or providing us with your personal information, you consent to the collection, processing, storage, and transfer of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collected

The amount and type of information collected depends on how you use the Sites. We may collect and store information during normal website usage that will not individually identify you, such as the name of your Internet service provider, the website that referred you to us, the pages you request, and the date and time of those requests. We may use this information to generate statistics and measure activity on the Sites, to improve the usefulness of customer visits and the content and design of the Sites.

Analogic may request personal information (including your name, mailing address, e-mail address, phone number, email address, or other information) to fulfill a transaction, provide you with a service, or respond to your request (such as for promotional material). Such information  is collected, stored, and used consistent with all applicable laws and regulations and in a manner appropriate to the nature of your request, and may be combined with other information collected in accordance with applicable law, including publicly available information.

Use of Information

The personal information that we collect from you will be used by Analogic and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates for legitimate business purposes, including the following:

to provide the service(s) or carry out the transaction(s) that you request or authorize;
to request or gather additional information or feedback from you about Analogic products or services;
to provide updates, notifications, and information regarding Analogic products or services;
to send you information that we believe may be of interest to you, such as product announcements, newsletters, educational materials, and upcoming events; and
to improve Analogic’s website, products or services; and
for other purposes described to you when we collect the information.
We may use collected information for the purpose of conducting marketing research to assist us in making business decisions, some of which may be conducted through third party services using anonymous or aggregate data generated by collected information.

Sharing Information

Unless otherwise described in this statement, Analogic and its controlled subsidiaries do not rent, sell, or otherwise transfer your personal information to an unrelated company for that company’s independent use. Analogic may share personal data with affiliates, agents, vendors or service providers who provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings or providing customer support. We will only provide those companies with the personal information they need to deliver the service, and we require them to maintain the confidentiality of that information and prohibit them from using that information for any other purpose.

Analogic reserves the right to disclose personal information to third parties where we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law, to cooperate with regulators or law enforcement authorities, to comply with a judicial proceeding or legal process, or to protect the safety, rights, or property of our customers, the public, or Analogic. Analogic reserves the right to transfer any information it has about you in the event of a merger, or a sale or transfer of all or a portion of its business or assets, pursuant to the terms of the transaction. In addition, we may disclose information about you to a third party at your request, or if you consent to the disclosure.

International Data Transfer

Personal information collected by Analogic may be stored and processed in, and transferred to, the United States and any other country where Analogic and or its affiliates, subsidiaries or third party service providers maintain facilities. When you provide personal information to Analogic, you consent to the processing and transfer of your information to the United States and other countries. Even if so transferred, such information will be handled in accordance with applicable law, and with this Privacy Policy.

Other Websites

The Analogic Sites may contain links to other websites that Analogic does not own or control. Please be aware that Analogic is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites. We recommend that when you leave the Analogic Sites, you exercise caution and carefully review the privacy statement applicable to the website in question, which will govern any personal information submitted on that website.

Cookies

A cookie is a small text file stored on the user’s computer that contains information about a user’s web-sessions for a particular website. If you provide your contact data via the Sites, we use cookies to collect information about your use and navigation of the Sites in an effort to serve you content that is most relevant to you and your business. Some parts of the Sites use cookies that do not identify individual users. In these instances, data from cookies allows us to determine the usefulness of information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information. We use this information to continually make updates that enhance the user experience on the Sites.

If you prefer not to receive cookies, you may set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse a cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You may also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser, although doing so may prevent some parts of the Sites from functioning properly.

Please read our Cookie Policy for information about our use of cookies and other tracking technologies with respect to your use of our Products and Services.

Security

Analogic uses a variety of industry standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, loss, or disclosure. However, please note that the security of information transmitted through the Internet can never be fully guaranteed.

Opting Out

If at any time you change your mind about receiving information from us, you may opt out by sending us an email at info@analogic.com. We will comply with your request except for communications that are required by law or are necessary for the performance of a contract.

Data Retention and Access

We will retain your information for as long as required by applicable law, and for periods of time required for Analogic to pursue legitimate business interests, conduct audits, comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. You may request a summary of information we hold about you, as well as request that we correct, update, or delete your information, by contacting us at info@analogic.com. Our response to such requests will be limited to information under our direct control. We will make reasonable efforts to respond promptly to such requests in accordance with applicable laws.

Changes to Privacy Policy

Analogic reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time. If Analogic changes its Privacy Policy, the revised Policy will be posted on the Sites and will only apply to data collected after the effective date of the changes to the Policy. Your continued use of this website following any revisions to the Policy that are posted will be deemed your conclusive acceptance of the revised Policy. We recommend that you periodically review this page to obtain the latest information on our privacy practices.

How to Contact Us

Analogic welcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement. If you have questions about this statement or believe that we have not adhered to it, contact us at info@analogic.com or by writing to us at Analogic Corporation, Communications Department, Attn: Webmaster, 8 Centennial Drive, Peabody, MA 01960 USA.

If you are located in the European Union or Switzerland and you have a data privacy or data use concern that you feel has not been fully addressed, you have the right to contact the relevant EU data protection authority or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, as applicable.