Privacy Policy
Share



KLA-Tencor Corporation and its subsidiaries (“KLA-Tencor” or “Company”) respects our websites visitors’ privacy. This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes the Company’s procedures regarding the collection, use, disclosure, transfer across borders and other processing of information we collect from you when you visit any KLA-Tencor website (“Websites”) globally, including www.kla-tencor.com, www.kla-tencor.cn, www.kla-tencor.co.jp, www.kla-tencor.kr, www.kla-tencor.tw, www.ymsmagazine.com, and www.kla-tencorfoundation.org. This Privacy Policy may be supplemented by additional information provided when the Company collects your personal information.

This Privacy Policy tells you about:

What personal information the Company collects.
How the Company uses personal information.
Data retention.
How the Company shares your personal information.
Children's privacy.
California notice provisions.
Links to third-party sites
How the Company protects your personal information
Accessing and updating your information.
Information specific to non-U.S. users
Effective date of Privacy Policy; Changes.
How to contact us.
OTHER PRIVACY POLICIES:

The KLA-Tencor Foundation has an additional privacy policy available here which should be read in conjunction with this Privacy Policy.
The careers.kla-tencor.com site has the Global Career Site Privacy Policy which should be read in conjunction with this Privacy Policy.
If you do not want us to handle your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Websites. If you reside outside the U.S., you will not be able to submit personal information through the Websites unless you consent to this Privacy Policy.

“Personal information” or “personal data” means information that relates to an identified or identifiable natural person, such as your name in combination with place of business, your e-mail address, physical address, or mobile number.

WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION KLA-TENCOR COLLECTS

The Company collects personal information from and about our Websites’ users, both directly when you provide it and automatically while you visit the Websites, as follows:

Personal Information You Provide. Through its Websites, KLA-Tencor may request, or provide an opportunity to submit, personal information in connection with an online feature or service. The personal information we collect from you may include:
contact information, including name, user identification, title, company, email address, physical address, telephone number, and fax number;
product key, serial number, or order number, for example in a request for technical support;
messages you send to us, for example, a product inquiry; and
information necessary to verify eligibility to use a Website service or to facilitate dealings or transactions.
While under no obligation to provide us with personal information, you should understand that the Company will not be able to process your communications with us or render certain services that we offer online without this information.
Information Collected Automatically.
Our Use of Cookies

What Are Cookies?

Cookies are small data files that are placed on your device when you visit a website. The cookie then sends information back to the originating website on each subsequent visit or to another website that recognizes the cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow the Websites to recognize a user’s device. You can find more information about cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.

What Information Do Our Cookies Collect?

As you navigate through and interact with our Websites, the Company collects certain information that is automatically recorded from the computer, smartphone or other electronic device ("device") you use to visit the Websites. This may include information about your equipment and browsing actions, such as your device’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, operating system, browser type, and web pages viewed immediately before and after visiting our Websites, information you search for on our Websites, and other technical data.

The Company uses browser Cookies, which are very small data files transferred to your device, to collect information when you direct your browser to our Websites; these include Session Cookies, which are deleted when you exit, that enable certain features on the Websites and help us understand how visitors interact with the Websites. When you register for one of our web-based services, we may use Persistent Cookies to store information that enables our Websites to remember you on a return visit. These technologies also help us better understand which areas of the Websites are of interest to visitors.

You can find additional information about the Websites’ use of cookies by visiting our Cookies Policy

Service Providers’ Cookies

We use cookies provided by third-party service providers, such as Google Analytics, FullStory, HotJar, and Talemetry to assist us in better understanding our Websites’ visitors. These cookies generally collect data about a user’s IP address; device identifier; browser identifier; city, state, region, and language; internet service provider; length of time a user spends on a page, and the websites a user visits before visiting the Websites. For example, based on this information, Google Analytics compiles aggregate data about the Websites’ traffic and interactions, which the Company uses to offer better experiences on the Websites and tools in the future. Google Analytics does not collect any personal data (other than IP Address which may be considered personal data in some countries).

Cookie Name	Where to find further information
Google Analytics	http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
FullStory	https://www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy/
HotJar	https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy
Talemetry	https://talemetry.com/privacy-policy/
Web Beacons

The Company includes small graphic images or other web programming code, called web beacons (also known as “pixel tags,” “web bugs” or “clear GIFs”) on the Websites. The web beacons are minute graphics with a unique identifier. They are used to track the online movements on web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s device, web beacons are embedded invisibly on web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence.

HOW KLA-TENCOR USES PERSONAL INFORMATION

The Company uses the personal information you submit on our Websites to meet our legitimate business interests.
This includes:

presenting the Websites and their contents;
providing Websites’ users with information, products, or services;
responding to your requests, inquiries, or otherwise serve you in ways associated with the circumstances under which you provided the information;
allowing users to enroll in or register for promotions or events;
recruiting individuals for employment;
providing firmware/software updates;
executing an agreement or transaction concluded through the Websites;
meeting KLA-Tencor’s legal obligations with regards to the agreement or transaction;
with respect to information collected by logging and cookies, facilitating your use of our Websites, analyzing usage by visitors, improving user experience, and delivering better service;
network and information security;
fraud prevention;
reporting suspected criminal acts; and
compliance with the law or to protect the rights, property, or safety of KLA-Tencor, our users, or others.
Use of Your Information for Marketing and Opting Out:

The Company does not use your personal information for marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree or opt-in to such usage. Marketing may include sending you communications about our products and services or other communications targeted to your interests. If you do not wish us to use your email address or other contact information for our direct marketing purposes, do not select the opt-in option (if any) in the online form in which we collect your data. If you initially opt-in but change your mind, you can opt-out by: (i) replying to a promotional email we have sent and indicating your preference to unsubscribe; or (ii) sending us an email stating your request to privacy@kla-tencor.com.

DATA RETENTION

Your personal information is retained for as long as the Company has a commercial relationship with you and, to meet certain business requirements, for at least 2 years after our last interaction. In some instances, the Company may be required to retain personal information for longer periods of time, for example, to meet legal, tax, and accounting obligations. Log-in and Cookie data are not retained for more than 24 months. If at any time you wish to have your personal information deleted from Company systems, please send an email to privacy@kla-tencor.com.

HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

The Company does not sell or rent your personal data to third parties. We will not share your personal information with any third party for that party’s marketing purposes, although the Company may also disclose your information to certain third parties as described below.

Corporate Affiliates. KLA-Tencor may disclose or share your personal information with our corporate subsidiaries worldwide that are also bound by this Privacy Policy.
Service Providers and Agents. The Company may share personal information with outside service providers or agents. These outside service providers or agents are only authorized to use the information on KLA-Tencor’s behalf for purposes such as to provide services or products you have requested, perform billing and collection, or help us manage and analyze data and improve our Websites. These parties may access your information only for these tasks and are under written obligations for handling your personal information similar to those in this Privacy Policy.
Legal Compliance or Enforcement. The Company may disclose your personal information to third parties when we believe disclosure is necessary to: (i) comply with a law, regulation or compulsory legal process, including a law enforcement, regulatory or court-authorized request; or (ii) protect the rights, property or safety of KLA-Tencor or other persons or entities.
Business Transfers. If KLA-Tencor is involved in a merger, acquisition, business combination, reorganization or other transfer of some, or all of, the company’s business, your personal information may be transferred to the buyer or other successor to KLA-Tencor.
Non-Personal Information. The Company may disclose aggregated information about our Websites’ users, and information that does not identify or allow for the identification of a particular person, at our discretion.
Note that your personal information may be shared with and stored in countries outside your own, including in the U.S. and other countries where we operate that may not protect personal information to the same extent. By submitting your personal information and completing the consent forms to the international transfer of your data, you are consenting to the transfer of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.

CHILDREN’S PRIVACY

Our Websites are not intended for children under 13 years of age and we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 13. If you are under 13, do not provide any personal information on our Websites or use any of the interactive or public comment features.

CALIFORNIA NOTICE PROVISIONS

California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance/Your California Privacy Rights: KLA-Tencor will not share your personal information with any third party for that party’s marketing purposes.

Your “Do Not Track” Browser Setting: KLA-Tencor honors "do-not-track" (DNT) technology. DNT is a preference you can set in your browser’s settings to let the websites you visit know that you do not want the websites collecting your personal data.

LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES

Our Websites may include links to sites operated by third parties. This does not mean that KLA-Tencor endorses these sites, nor are we responsible for their content or policies. Third party sites are governed by their own privacy policies. You should familiarize yourself with the privacy policy of other sites you visit as it will govern any information you provide through that site.

HOW KLA-TENCOR PROTECTS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

KLA-Tencor has implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss or unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. However, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. The Websites use HTTP Secure (“HTTPS”) for secure communications. The Websites use Transport Layer Security (“TLS”) to protect information collected through the Websites. In addition, the Company restricts access to your personal information. Only employees who need the personal information to perform a specific job (for example, a customer service representative) are granted access to personal information. Employees with access to personal information are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.

Although the Company uses industry-standard efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of the information transmitted through our Websites.

ACCESSING AND UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION

You can access and change personal information provided to us by submitting your request to privacy@kla-tencor.com.

INFORMATION SPECIFIC TO NON-U.S. USERS

a) All locations outside of the United States

The personal information collected through the Websites is downloaded to a server located in the United States and maintained by a service provider under contract with KLA-Tencor. KLA-Tencor is located at 1 Technology Drive, Milpitas, CA 95035 in the United States. KLA-Tencor may use your personal information for the purposes described in the section above titled “How KLA-Tencor Uses Personal Information” and disclose it to third parties as described in the section above titled “How We Share Your Personal Information.”

KLA-Tencor will comply with requests to exercise individual data rights in accordance with applicable law. You can contact privacy@kla-tencor.com to request to exercise your data rights.

b) European Economic Area and Switzerland

The information in this section, as well as the information in the section above titled “All locations outside of the United States”, applies to users in the European Economic Area and Switzerland (collectively, the “EEA”).

Individuals in the EEA (“EEA Individuals”) are not required by statute or by contract to provide any personal information to the Websites. KLA-Tencor will not use EEA Individuals’ personal information submitted through the Websites for automated decision-making, including profiling, which produces legal effects or similarly significantly affects the EEA Individual.

Cross-Border Data Transfers:

The personal information collected through the Websites will be transferred to the United States. The recipients of personal information collected through the Websites (listed in the Section entitled “How We Share Your Personal Information” above) are located in the United States or in the country where the data was collected. The European Commission has not issued a determination that the United States ensures an adequate level of protection for personal information.

Legal Bases for Processing:

KLA-Tencor processes your personal information with your consent, to fulfill a business contract (if applicable) and as required by law. KLA-Tencor also processes personal information as necessary for its legitimate interests as follows:

Marketing and advertising: Unless you opt out as described below, the Company uses your personal information regarding products and services you have ordered, or in which you have otherwise demonstrated an interest, as necessary to provide you information about the products and services that we think might interest you in accordance with applicable law.
Network and information security, fraud prevention, and reporting suspected criminal acts: In the event of fraud, a security incident, or a suspected criminal act, the Company would examine personal information that appeared to be linked to the incident as necessary to determine what happened, remediate, report to the authorities, and prevent a recurrence.
Right to Object to Processing for Direct Marketing or Legitimate Interests:

EEA Individuals have the right to object to the processing of their personal information for purposes of KLA-Tencor’s direct marketing or legitimate interests by contacting KLA-Tencor at privacy@kla-tencor.com.

Individual Rights:

EEA Individuals have the right to access their personal information collected by the Websites and to request that KLA-Tencor update, correct, or delete their personal information as provided by applicable law. EEA Individuals also have the right to object to, or restrict, KLA-Tencor’s processing of their personal information.

In addition, EEA Individuals have the right to data portability concerning their personal information. Subject to certain limitations, the right to data portability allows EEA Individuals to obtain from KLA-Tencor, or to ask KLA-Tencor to send to a third party, a digital copy of the personal information that they provided to the Websites. EEA Individuals’ right to access their personal information includes their right to receive a copy of all, or a portion, of their personal information in KLA-Tencor’s possession as long as KLA-Tencor’s providing the personal information would not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.

How to Exercise Your Rights: EEA Individuals can exercise these rights by contacting privacy@kla-tencor.com. KLA-Tencor will respond to such requests in accordance with applicable data protection law.

Right to Lodge a Complaint: If EEA Individuals believe that their personal information has been processed in violation of applicable data protection law, they have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection authority in the country where they reside, where they work, or where the alleged violation occurred.

How to Withdraw Consent: EEA Individuals may use the contact information above, at any time, to withdraw their consent for the processing of their personal information where KLA-Tencor requires their consent as a legal basis for processing their personal information. Any withdrawal will apply only prospectively, and KLA-Tencor will continue to retain the personal information that EEA Individuals provided before they withdrew their consent for as long as allowed or required by applicable law.

EU Representative:

You can contact our representative via email at privacy@kla-tencor.com, by mail: KLA-Tencor Italy Srl, Via Magellano 6, 20049 Concorezzo, Milano, Italy Attention: EU Privacy Representative or by telephone: +39 039-611-2900.

EFFECTIVE DATE OF POLICY; CHANGES

This privacy policy was last updated on November 1, 2018. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time, and the Company will specify the date on which this Privacy Policy was last revised. If the Company makes a material change to how we use or disclose our users’ personal information, prior to the effective date of the changes, we will notify you by means such as email or by notice posted on the home page of our Websites.

HOW TO CONTACT US

If you have questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please email us at privacy@kla-tencor.com