Privacy Policy:

SunOpta Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates ("we" or "SUNOPTA") are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy sets out SUNOPTA's policy with respect to our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information.

Contact Information

SUNOPTA welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you believe that we have not adhered to this Policy or if you wish to review or edit your personal information, please contact us by e-mail at webcomm@sunopta.com and we will use reasonable commercial efforts to address any concerns that you may have.

Collection of Personal Information

From time to time in your dealings with SUNOPTA, you may provide us with personal information. Personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy means information that can be used to personally identify you or is associated with any such information, but does not include the name, title or business address or telephone number of an employee of an organization. We also may use "cookies" from time to time to help personalize your online experience with us. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer to help us make your visit to our site more "user friendly". Cookies provide us with information about your use of the site that can help us improve the site and your experience with it. Any personal information collected about you through cookies will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you have set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you should receive a warning message with each cookie. You may refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser, however you should be aware that our site like most other popular sites may not work well with "cookies disabled".

Use and Disclosure of Personal Information

Except in the case of a possible sale of all or substantially all of the assets of SUNOPTA or one of its subsidiaries or divisions, SUNOPTA will not sell, trade or rent your personal information to any third party unless we have your consent. We will only use and/or disclose personal information in order to:

understand and meet your needs and preferences;
develop new and enhance existing service and product offerings;
manage and develop our business and operations; and
meet legal and regulatory requirements.

We also reserve the right to use, disclose, sell, trade, or rent data aggregated provided that the data is not linked to any specific individual.

Except where we are required by law to disclose personal information, we will require any person to whom we provide your personal information to agree to comply with our then current Privacy Policy. We will take reasonable commercial efforts to ensure that they comply with our Privacy Policy; however, we will have no liability to you if any person fails to do so.

To be able to serve you, your personal information may be collected, stored and/or processed or otherwise used by or on our behalf both inside and outside of Canada and the United States by third party service providers or by companies in the SUNOPTA corporate family, to perform functions on our behalf. As a result, that country's courts, governments or law enforcement agencies could obtain disclosure of such information under that country's laws.

Security of Your Personal Information

Our site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and unauthorized alteration of the information under our control.

The personal information you provide will be kept confidential and used by SUNOPTA to support your customer relationship with us. Among other things, we want to alert you to product information, changes, special offers, and product promotions. Agents or contractors of SUNOPTA who have access to your personal information are also required to keep the information confidential and not use it for any other purpose than to carry out the services they are performing for SUNOPTA on your behalf.

SUNOPTA may from time to time send you information about our various products and services, or other products and services we feel may be of interest to you. Only SUNOPTA (or agents working on our behalf and under confidentiality agreements) will send you these direct mailings. If you do not want to receive such mailings, simply tell us when you give us your personal information. Or, at any time you can easily stop receiving further marketing from us by e-mailing us at webcomm@sunopta.com or calling our Web and Communication Department at 905-821-9669, and request your removal from our mailing list.

SUNOPTA will not disclose your Personal Information to any outside organization for its use in marketing without your consent nor will your personal information or your orders and the products you purchase be given or sold to any outside organization for its use in marketing or solicitation without your consent. However, your personal information may be shared with agents or contractors of SUNOPTA for the purpose of performing services for us for your benefit.

Third-Party Sites

Please be aware that other websites that may be accessed through SUNOPTA's website may collect personally identifiable information about you. The information practices of those third-party websites are not covered by this Privacy Policy.

You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. While we strive to protect your personal information, SUNOPTA cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.

International Users

If you are located outside of Canada/the United States, please note that this website is hosted on our computer servers in Canada/the United States. Any personal information collected through this website may be transferred to Canada/the United States and other countries that might not provide an equivalent level of protection as the data protection laws in your home country. Your use of this website or submission of any personal information will therefore constitute your consent to the transfer of your personal information outside of your home country.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

SUNOPTA will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer feedback or changes to privacy legislation. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how SUNOPTA is protecting your personal information.

Withdrawal of Consent

Except as required by law, we will not use or disclose your personal information for any purpose for which you refuse us consent or later withdraw your consent. If you withdraw consent, you agree that despite this withdrawal we may continue to use the personal information previously provided to us to the extent that we are contractually obligated to do so and to the extent necessary to enforce any contractual obligations you may have to SUNOPTA. You also understand that although you can use our site for some purposes without providing us with any personal information, we need personal information about you for some services, including those that require payment or involve an ongoing relationship with SUNOPTA or our partners. If you refuse to provide us with the information we require or later withdraw your consent to use and disclose this information, we may no longer be able to provide you with these services.