Walter Investment Management Corp.

Our Policy Regarding Your Privacy
We value our relationship with you and are committed to keeping the personal information about you secure. In the interest of affirming this commitment to you, we have prepared Our Policy Regarding Your Privacy to help you understand how we gather information about you, how we use it and how we protect your personal information.

This Policy is provided to you by the Walter Investment Management Corp. companies listed at the end of this Policy. We would ask you to share this information with all joint account holders and policyholders. The provisions of the Policy describe our privacy
practices for both current and former customers.

Information We Collect About You

In the course of providing you with products and services, we collect nonpublic personal information (information not publicly available) about you from the following sources:

 Information we receive from you on applications or other forms, such as name, address, social security number, household information, income and debt information;
 Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others, such as account balance and account history;
 Information we receive from consumer reporting agencies, such as credit bureau reports which provide information about credit history and credit worthiness; and
 Information we receive from other sources, such as your employer.

How We Protect Your Personal Information

We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in accordance with applicable standards to protect your nonpublic information. We restrict access to your non public personal information to those employees and agents who have a need to know that information to provide, maintain and service the accounts you have with us and to conduct our internal operations. We will retain information on you only as long as necessary to service your account, to conform with sound business practices or to satisfy legal requirements.

Sharing Information
As permitted by law, we may share the nonpublic personal information described above, with:

 Any of our affiliated companies for business purposes;
 Nonaffiliated third parties that provide financial services to you, such as lenders, consumer finance companies and insurance companies;
 Nonaffiliated third parties who perform services for us in connection with the account or policy you have with us, such as abstract or title companies, account statement providers, printing or mailing firms, and software and other consulting firms;
 Nonaffiliated third parties in connection with a proposed or actual transfer, sale or assignment of accounts or a business; and
 As otherwise permitted by law, such as:

 To comply with judicial process, court orders and legal reporting requirements of the Internal Revenue Service and other governmental
authorities; and
 In connection with the recording of deeds of trust and mortgages in the public record.

Disclosures to Marketing Firms

We do not and will not sell any information we collect about you to mailing list companies or telemarketing companies.

We may disclose nonpublic personal information about you to companies that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other financial institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements (such as insurance companies), including:

 Information we receive from you on applications and other forms, such as name, address and phone number;
 Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others, such as insurance coverages.

Contact Us

Upon your request, we will send additional copies of this Policy. If you would like to request additional copies or if you have any questions concerning this Policy, please write to us at Privacy Officer, P. O. Box 31601, Tampa, FL 33631-3601, Attn: Privacy Policy.

Our Policy Regarding Your Privacy is provided on behalf of the following companies:

Best Insurors, Inc.
Hanover Capital Partners 2, LTD
Hanover SPC-A, Inc.
Walter Investment Reinsurance Co., LTD
Walter Mortgage Company, LLC

Rev. 4/09