PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: May 25, 2018

WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT?
We collect personal data from you when you fill out a form on this website or use our distributor locator. When registering for a service or contacting us through our website, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter personal data, such as your name or e-mail address. You may visit our website anonymously, but this may limit our ability to communicate with you efficiently regarding any potential agreement or inquiry. In addition, certain information may be collected from otherwise anonymous visits, such as a visitor’s IP address.

HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
Certain of the personal data we collect from you may be used to send periodic e-mails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.

Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future e-mails, we include simple unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each e-mail.

HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal data when you enter, submit, or access your personal data. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied personal data is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our database to be accessed only by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and who are required to keep the personal data confidential.

DO WE USE COOKIES?
Cookies are maintained during active user sessions in order to manage contents of shopping carts where applicable. Additionally, our website uses Google Analytics in order to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the website.

DO WE DISCLOSE ANY PERSONAL DATA TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?
We do not sell your personal data. However, we may disclose your personal data to third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep your personal data confidential. We may also release your personal data when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our website policies, or protect our or other’s rights, property, or safety.

YOUR RIGHTS TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We retain certain personal data that you provide to us. With respect to such personal data, you have the following rights:

to view and / or obtain your personal data
to change your personal details if they contain inaccuracies
to erase your personal data or have its use restricted
to transfer your personal data to another person
to object to the collection and use of your personal data
To exercise your rights, you can contact us as set forth in the “Contacting Us” section below.

THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party websites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked websites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our website and welcome any feedback about these sites.

CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act). We do not collect any personal data from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.

YOUR CONSENT
By using our website, you consent to our website privacy policy.

CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Any changes are effective immediately when posted on the website, and the most recent date of change will be posted. Continued use of the website after the effective date of the changes is deemed acceptance of the revised terms.

CONTACTING US
If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us using the information below.

The Gorman-Rupp Company
600 South Airport Road
Mansfield, OH 44903
(419) 755-1011
grcir@gormanrupp.com