
Required Disclosures
Federal Government Provisions Applicable to Certain Staples Vendors:

Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action and Protection for Veterans and Individuals with Disabilities. Staples and Vendor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a). Vendor agrees, to the extent applicable, to comply with Executive Order 11246, Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974, as amended, and the implementing regulations for each found at 41 CFR Part 60. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis race, gender, veteran status and disability respectively, and require affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans and qualified individuals with disabilities. Staples incorporates into its agreement with Vendor, as applicable, the Equal Opportunity clauses found at 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 60-741.5(a), and 60-300.5(a), and Vendor will likewise incorporate the clauses into all applicable subcontracts as required by 41 CFR 60-1.4(d).
Notice of Employee Rights under Federal Labor Laws. Staples incorporates into its agreement with Vendor, as applicable, the obligations regarding the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws found at 29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A, and Vendor will likewise incorporate those obligations into all applicable subcontracts as required by 29 CFR Part 471.
Was this answer helpful? YesNo

Staples' U.S. Privacy Policy
Effective Date: May 25, 2018

This Privacy Statement describes our handling of Personal Information in connection with your presence in our locations and your use of our websites, mobile apps and the services we provide. By using our websites and services, you hereby consent to these terms.

“Personal Information” refers to information that identifies you as an individual. This Privacy Statement describes how we collect, use, share, and protect, your Personal Information, and choices you have regarding your Personal Information. We encourage you to read this Privacy Statement and to consult our Privacy Resource Center to learn more about privacy.

1. Categories of Personal Information You Provide or We Collect.

We collect the following categories of Personal Information:

Information You Provide Us Directly. We collect personally identifiable and transactional information (purchase-related history) which you provide us directly, for example, in connection with a purchase, a promotion, or application for a membership program.
Information Collected Through Automated Technologies. We use cookies, tags, web beacons and other technologies to track and collect browsing and purchase activity information.Our mobile applications also collect unique device identifiers and may collect geolocation information.
Information We Receive from Other Parties. We may combine the information we receive from you with information we receive from other sources.
To learn more about automated tracking technologies, visit our Privacy Resource Center.

Children

Our websites and mobile services are intended for a general audience and are not directed toward children, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children.

2. How We Use the Information We Collect.

Personal Information may be used for the following purposes:

Our Products & Services. We use Personal Information to process and fulfill your orders, refunds or exchanges, requests for products, services or information, to provide customer service, to administer our credit card programs, to customize your shopping experience, to identify your preferences, and to provide you services across multiple devices.
Marketing and Advertising. We may use Personal Information to administer promotions, contests, sweepstakes, and rewards programs and to market products and services, including serving you interest-based advertising. For more information on interest-based advertising, see our Privacy Resource Center.
Other Uses. We use Personal Information for other reasons, including conducting research and analysis; preventing or mitigating fraud and credit risk; and complying with legal matters, investigations, and applicable laws and regulations.
3. How We Share Your Personal Information.

We may share your Personal Information with other parties in the following instances:

With Our Third-Party Service Providers: To process transactions or provide services on our behalf, including but not limited to providers of product delivery services (for example UPS and FedEx) and website analytics (for example Google Analytics).
For Marketing Purposes: To notify you of offers for products or services that may be of interest to you. We do not share credit card or other financial information for marketing purposes.
For Corporate Transactions: In connection with a merger, acquisition or sale involving all or a portion of our company.
Other Reasons: To: (a) satisfy applicable law, regulations, legal process or valid governmental request; (b) enforce the terms of use applicable to our services, (c) detect, prevent or mitigate fraud or security or technical issues; or (d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of our company, our customers or the public as required or permitted by law.
4. Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Information.

a. To Stop Certain Collection and Use of Your Personal Information: 

Marketing Emails and Texts

You can stop promotional emails from us by using the “unsubscribe” link on our promotional emails.
You can stop marketing text messages, by replying “STOP” our promotional text messages, or
You can contact us with your request as noted in the How to Contact Us section below.
Interest Based Advertising

Some of our websites support Interest Based Advertising efforts by third parties. Industry groups such as the Digital Advertising Alliance, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance if you are located in the European Union, have developed services to help you manage your Interest Based Advertising preferences.

Website Analytics

You can opt-out of tracking used to understand website utilization provided by Google Analytics by visiting https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

Do Not Track

Some browsers have a “Do Not Track” feature that lets you tell certain websites you do not want your online activities tracked. Our websites, like many other retailers, do not have this functionality.

b. To Change or Correct Your Personal Information

At any time, you can request access to your personal information, request that any inaccuracies be corrected, or request that comments or explanations be added to records about you.

You may contact us with changes as described in the How To Contact Us section. To prevent unauthorized changes, we may ask for certain information to verify your identity before we process such requests.

Although we will do our best to make your requested changes, in some cases (for example, if it requires a disproportionate technical or practical cost or effort or if it conflicts with our legal obligations or business requirements) we may be unable to do so completely.

5. How We Protect Your Personal Information.

We employ technical, physical and administrative safeguards to protect your Personal Information and require third parties with whom we work to do the same. However, we cannot guarantee your information will be completely safe against unauthorized access. Please use caution when sharing your information with others and take appropriate measures to protect the confidentiality of your username and password. Some practical tips are available in the Privacy Resource Center.

If you think the Personal Information you provided to us has been improperly accessed or used, or if you suspect that unauthorized purchases have been made on our websites using your Personal Information, please contact us immediately. 

Our websites may contain links to, or plugins or widgets from, social media or other websites operated and maintained by third parties. These properties, which we do not control, operate independently and have their own privacy practices and statements, which we encourage you to review.

6. Customer Specific Disclosures.

Contract Customers

If you are a contract customer and would like to opt-out of receiving promotional mail and/or email from us, please notify your Account Manager. You may still receive email or postal mail from other affiliated companies and third parties if they have received your email or postal address from other sources or as a result of their own transactions or experiences with you. You will also continue to receive email or postal mail if you request to hear from us again at a later date. 

California Residents

Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83–1798.84 California residents may request the names and addresses of affiliated companies and categories of Personal Information we share for their direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please contact us.

European Union (EU) Residents

Staples and its affiliated companies are based in the U.S. and the information Staples and its service providers collect is governed by U.S. law. If you are accessing the Services from outside of the U.S., please be aware that information collected through the services may be transferred to, processed, stored, and used in the U.S. Data protection laws in the U.S. may be different from those of your country of residence. Your use of the services or provision of any information therefore constitutes your consent to the transfer to and from, processing, usage, sharing, and storage of your information, including Personal Information, in the U.S. as set forth in this Privacy Statement.

As residents of the EU, you will have certain additional rights with respect to your Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation including;

The right to be informed.
The right of access.
The right to rectification.
The right to erasure.
The right to restrict processing.
The right to data portability.
The right to object.
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.
For more information, see the Privacy Resource Center.

We will retain your EU Personal Information for as long as your account is active, as needed to provide you services and to fulfill the purposes for which the data was collected, and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations and fulfill our business needs.

8. How To Contact Us.

This Privacy Statement applies to Staples, Inc. and its affiliated companies.

Please direct any questions, complaints or concerns regarding this Privacy Statement and our treatment of your Personal Information to any of the following:

by emailing at privacy@staples.com

by phone at (+1) 800-333-3330 (US only)

by writing to: Staples

Privacy and Compliance

500 Staples Drive

Framingham, MA 01702 US

Upon receiving a written request, we will contact you directly, investigate your request and work to address your concerns. We will respond to your request without undue delay within 30 days. We reserve the right to take reasonable steps to verify customer identity prior to granting access or processing changes or corrections.

9. Privacy Statement Updates


This Privacy Statement may change from time to time, and we will post on our websites any updated Privacy Statement. Recent changes to the Privacy Statement are documented below. Each version of this Privacy Statement will be identified by its effective date displayed at the top of this Privacy Statement.

What has changed:

May 25, 2018	Reorganization and Standardization of Privacy Policy and Introduction of the Privacy Resource Center
March 23, 2017 
Removed references to the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor programs which have or will be discontinued. 
 

Was this answer helpful? YesNo

Terms & Conditions
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY. THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ("T&C") MAY HAVE CHANGED SINCE YOUR LAST VISIT TO THE SITE. BY USING THE SITE, YOU INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE T&C. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE T&C, THEN DO NOT USE THE SITE.

Staples.com ("Site") is owned by Staples, Inc. ("Staples") and is currently provided free of charge to users who agree to abide by these T&C. Staples reserves the right to change the nature of this relationship at any time, and to revise these T&C from time to time as Staples sees fit. Users who violate these T&C will have their access canceled and they may permanently be banned from using the Site. Users should check these T&C periodically. By using the Site after we post changes to these T&C, you agree to accept those changes, whether or not you actually reviewed them.

USERS/PARTICIPANTS
We do not discriminate on the basis of age, race, national origin, gender, sexual orientation or religion.

No person under the age of 13 should use the Site without the consent of their parent or legal guardian. We strongly encourage all parents and guardians to monitor the Internet use of their children. Use of the Site by any user shall be deemed to be a representation that the user is 13 years of age or older.

COOKIES
"Cookies" are small encrypted data files (containing references to user ID information supplied by the user and stored on our secure server) that may write to your hard drive once you have accessed a Web site. Staples uses cookies to enhance your shopping experience with us. Cookies are used to keep track of your shopping cart and to save your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site. To learn more about how we protect customer information, please review our Privacy Statement.

COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS & RESTRICTIONS
The material included herein, including site design, text, graphics and the selection and arrangement thereof are copyrighted © by Staples, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Staples.com®, Staples®, that was easy®, other trademarks and all page headers, custom graphics and custom icons are service marks and trademarks of Staples the Office Superstore, LLC. All other trademarks, product names and company names or logos cited herein are the property of their respective owners.

The Site and all materials on the Site, including, but not limited to, images, illustrations, posts, audio clips and video clips (the "Materials") are the property of Staples and its affiliates and licensors and are protected from unauthorized copying and dissemination by copyrights that are owned or licensed by Staples and by copyright law, trademark law, international conventions and other intellectual property laws. You may not reproduce, perform, create derivative works from, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute in any way whatsoever any Materials from the Site (or any other Web site owned or operated by Staples or its subsidiaries or affiliates) without Staples' prior written permission. However, you may print in hard copy portions of the Site with the sole intent of placing an order with Staples or applying for credit. Printing Materials for any other reason, or transferring Materials for use on any other Web site, or the modification, distribution or republication of Materials without Staples' prior written permission is strictly prohibited. Any modification of Materials, or any portion thereof, or use of Materials for any other purpose constitutes an infringement of trademark or other proprietary rights of Staples or third parties.

LINKS
Staples is not responsible for the content of any unaffiliated Web sites that may be linked to or from the Site. These links are provided for your convenience only and you access them at your own risk. Any other Web site accessed from the Site is independent from Staples, and Staples has no control over the content of that other Web site. In addition, a link to any other Web site does not imply that Staples endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or use of such other Web site. In no event shall any reference to any third party or third-party product or service be construed as an approval or endorsement by Staples of that third party or of any product or service provided by a third party.

PRIVACY ISSUES
Staples is concerned about privacy matters for its customers. To learn more about how we protect customer information, please review our Privacy Statement.

PRODUCT AND SERVICES INFORMATION
Most products (and some services) offered on the Site are available in select Staples stores throughout the United States; however, prices and availability may vary. Product availability and some prices offered on the site may vary based on your location. Prices shown on the Site apply to products and services on the Site. Price and availability are subject to change without notice.

In order to comply with federal anti-money laundering regulations, we are unable to process gift card orders of more than $2,000.00 in any single transaction.

We attempt to display all products shown on the Site in an accurate manner; however, because of the technical differences in the equipment of our customers, we cannot be responsible for photographic differences in size, shape and color of the products.

The receipt of an email order confirmation is simply a recognition that we have received your requested order, and does not constitute an offer to sell. We reserve the right to limit the quantity of any item sold, or prohibit a sale altogether, including but not limited to prohibiting sales to resellers.

NOTICE AND TAKE-DOWN PROCEDURES
If you believe any Materials on the Site infringe your copyright or trademark rights, you may request such Materials be removed by following the notice and take-down procedures of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. To follow those procedures, contact Staples' copyright agent (identified below) and provide the following information:

A clear statement identifying the works or other Materials believed to be infringed.

A statement from the copyright holder or authorized representative that the Materials are believed to be infringing.

Sufficient information about the location of the allegedly infringing Materials so that Staples can find and verify its existence.

Your name, telephone number and email address.

A statement from you under penalty of perjury that the information supplied is accurate, and that you are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

A signature or the electronic equivalent from the copyright holder or authorized representative.

Staples' agent for notice of copyright issues on the Site can be reached as follows:

Staples, Inc.
500 Staples Drive
Framingham, MA 01702
Attn: Legal Department
with a copy to: General Counsel
(ref: Copyright Infringement)

FOR STAPLES® COPY & PRINT CENTER ORDERS
By processing and submitting your Staples Copy & Print Center order on the Site:

You represent and warrant to Staples, its officers, directors, employees, agents, successors, subsidiaries, agents, distributors, affiliates and third parties providing information or services on the Site (collectively, the "Staples Parties"), that you own and possess all rights or own sufficient rights of third parties necessary to copy, produce, print or imprint each and every document or other item and portion thereof you submit.

You agree and covenant that at Staples' request, and without further consideration, you will promptly provide Staples with reasonable evidence of such adequate and enforceable rights of third parties (i.e., consents, approvals, licenses or sublicenses), and agree that Staples may provide a copy of these T&C to anyone claiming an infringement of copyright/trademark in your document or to law enforcement or other entities as required by law or as Staples reasonably determines to be necessary to protect its rights or the rights of others.

CONDUCT OF USERS
You agree that you will not: (i) transmit via or through the Site any information, data, text, files, links, software, chat, communication or other materials that is or that Staples considers to be unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, racially or ethnically hateful or otherwise objectionable; (ii) attempt to transmit any "virus," "trojan horse" or other software destruction or disruption device; (iii) intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, including but not limited to, any regulations having the force of law while you are using or accessing the Site or in connection with your use of the Site, in any manner; and (iv) invade the privacy or violate any personal or proprietary right (including intellectual property rights) of any person or entity.

INDEMNITY
By using the Site, you agree to indemnify the Staples Parties for any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities and causes of action (including expenses and attorneys' fees) incurred by them arising out of or relating to your breach or alleged breach of these T&C (including, without limitation, claims made by third parties for infringement of intellectual property rights). You agree to cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any claim. Staples reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you.

DISCLAIMER, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THE SITE IS PROVIDED BY STAPLES ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. STAPLES MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO (1) THE OPERATION OF THE SITE, (2) THE QUALITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR VALIDITY OF ANY MATERIALS ON THE SITE, OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THE SITE, OR (3) WHETHER THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED ON THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. STAPLES IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR PRINTING OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.

THIS SITE MAY ALSO CONTAIN FACTS, VIEWS, OPINIONS, STATEMENTS AND RECOMMENDATIONS OF THIRD-PARTY INDIVIDUALS AND ORGANIZATIONS. NONE OF THE STAPLES PARTIES REPRESENTS OR ENDORSES THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS OR RELIABILITY OF ANY ADVICE, OPINION, STATEMENT OR OTHER INFORMATION DISPLAYED, UPLOADED OR DISTRIBUTED THROUGH THE SITE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY RELIANCE ON ANY SUCH OPINION, ADVICE, STATEMENT OR INFORMATION WILL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK.

NONE OF THE STAPLES PARTIES IS RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHER INDIRECT DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THE SITE, EVEN IF THAT PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF THE STAPLES PARTIES TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SITE, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED ONE DOLLAR (US$1.00).

CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.

TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS
While we make every effort to provide accurate information, inaccuracies or errors may occur, including price information and product specifications. In the unlikely event that there is a typographical error, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping, or cancel your order and notify you about the cancellation. Staples reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, including after an order has been submitted and whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged.

TERMINATION
Staples may, in its sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Site, for any reason, including, without limitation, breach of these T&C. In the event these T&C are terminated, the restrictions regarding Materials appearing on the Site, and the representations and warranties, indemnities and limitations of liabilities set forth in these T&C will survive termination. In the event that you are unsatisfied with the services provided by Staples, your sole remedy is to terminate your use of the Site.

JURISDICTION; DISPUTES
Staples operates the Site from its offices within the United States. Staples makes no representations that content and materials on the Site are legal or appropriate for use from outside the United States. If you choose to access the Site from other locations, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with any and all local laws. You may not use the Site in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. These T&C will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, as it is applied to agreements entered into and performed therein, and excluding: (i) the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods; (ii) the 1974 Convention on the Limitation Period in the International Sale of Goods; and (iii) the Protocol amending the 1974 Convention, done at Vienna April 11, 1980. Any action brought to enforce these T&C or matters related to the Site will be brought in either the State or Federal Courts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything contained in these T&C to the contrary, Staples shall have the right to institute judicial proceedings against you or anyone acting by, through or under you, in order to enforce Staples' rights hereunder through reformation of contract, specific performance, injunction or similar equitable relief. Any claim or cause of action you have under these T&C or your use of the Site: (y) must be commenced within one year after the claim or cause of action arises, or such claim or cause of action will be barred; and (z) must be brought individually, and not consolidated as part of a group or class action complaint. If any provision of these T&C is deemed void, unlawful or otherwise unenforceable for any reason, that provision will be severed from these T&C and the remaining provisions of these T&C will remain in force. These T&C constitute the entire agreement between you and Staples concerning your use of the Site.

COMMENTS, COMPLAINTS AND QUESTIONS
We welcome your feedback about the Site. However, any comments, ideas, notes, messages, suggestions or other communications sent to the Site shall be and remain the exclusive property of Staples, and we may use all such communications in any manner, including reproducing, disclosing and publishing such communications, all without compensation to you. Should you have any questions or complaints regarding violations of these T&C, please contact us.

This Site is licensed under U.S. Patent No. 6,330,592. Also, one or more other patents may apply to the Site, including without limitation: U.S. Patent Nos. 7,908,173, and 7,908,176.

Was this answer helpful? YesNo

Staples Mobile Terms and Conditions
 

 

To Sign Up for Staples Alerts: Send a text message that says STAPLES to 555-444. Staples will reply with a text message requesting confirmation to opt in. By replying Y, you consent to receive Staples text message at the phone number designated (up to 6 text messages per month). Texts may be sent via automatic telephone dialing system. Your consent to receive text messages does not mean you are obligated to make a purchase.

 

 

To Sign Up for Staples Order Status Alerts: Access your user profile via staples.com®, enter your mobile number and click "Subscribe." You will receive a text message from Staples 555-444 to which you can reply "Yes" to sign up for order status notifications via text.

Staples Order Status Alerts: You will only receive text messages for the order status notifications you have elected to receive via your Staples user profile.

To Stop the Programs: To stop messages from Staples coming to your phone, you can opt out of the program via SMS. To stop our text deals alerts, just send a text message that says STOP to 555-444.

You will be removed from all Staples SMS programs after a one-time cancel confirmation, and won’t receive any future messages after that unless you opt back in.

The Staples Mobile Program is compatible with Alltel, AT&T, Boost, Cellular South, MetroPCS, Midwest Wireless, nTelos, Sprint, Suncom, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless and Virgin Mobile. To participate, the recipient's phone needs to be text messaging–enabled. We try to make it so everyone can participate, but depending on your carrier, plan and phone, we can't guarantee it will work for you.

Cost to Participate: Although Staples' Mobile Programs are complimentary and require no purchase or fee for participation, message and data rates may apply. Check your mobile plan for more details. Subscribers will receive up to the specified number of alerts per program each month.

Staples One-Time Deals Query: You will receive 1 message per request.

Staples Alerts: You will receive up to 6 messages per month.

Questions: You can send a text message from your mobile phone with the word HELP to 555-444 at any time, or call us at 800-333-3330 FREE. We can answer any questions you have about the program.

Terms and Conditions: By participating in Staples' Mobile Program, you are agreeing to the terms and conditions presented here. Staples’ full Privacy Policy can be found here. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.

 

Was this answer helpful? YesNo

U.S. Delivery Survey Rule
Official Sweepstakes Rules

U.S. Customer Satisfaction Survey $250 Sweepstakes

1. TIMING: NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. PURCHASE WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. YOU HAVE NOT YET WON. The Staples® 2017/18 Customer Satisfaction Survey $250 Sweepstakes ("Sweepstakes") is a quarterly random drawing Sweepstakes beginning on or about Sunday, January 29, 2017 at 12:00:01 a.m. Eastern Time (“ET”) and ending on Saturday, February 8, 2018 at 11:59:59 p.m. ET (collectively, "Sweepstakes Period" or “Drawing Period”). The Administrator of this Sweepstakes is COHEN-FRIEDBERG ASSOCIATES, LLC, Framingham, MA 01702, ("Administrator”). The Sponsor of this Sweepstakes is Staples the Office Superstore, LLC, 500 Staples Drive, Framingham, MA 01702 ("Sponsor").

2. HOW TO ENTER: There are two ways to enter this Sweepstakes. (1) Customers who receive an invitation can complete a customer satisfaction survey online. Once the survey has been completed you will automatically receive one (1) entry into the Sweepstakes (see entry dates chart below) unless you choose not to enter (option given during survey). ALL online entries must be made within fourteen (14) days of receipt of receiving an email invitation. (2) Free alternate means of entry: Legibly hand print on a postcard your complete name, street address (no P.O. Boxes, please), city, state, zip code, daytime phone number, age and email address (if available) and mail it to: Staples 2017/18 Customer Satisfaction Survey $250 Sweepstakes, P.O. Box 2242, Framingham, MA 01703-2242. Sponsor and Administrator not responsible for lost, late, mutilated or postage due entries.

QUARTERLY UNIQUE ENTRY PERIODS LISTED BELOW:

Drawing Period Begins 12:00:01 a.m. ET:

Entry Ends: 11:59:59 p.m. ET

Drawing Date:

Mailed entries must be received by:

1/29/17

4/29/17

5/4/17

5/3/17

4/30/17

7/29/17

8/3/17

8/2/17

7/30/17

10/28/17

11/2/17

11/1/17

10/29/17

2/3/18

2/8/18

2/7/18

 

Mail-in entries will be entered into the drawing period based on the date of receipt of entry. LIMIT: One entry per month per email or household address. One (1) prize per person or household over each Drawing Period. NO entry will be carried forward to any another Drawing Period. To enter all four (4) drawings, you must enter one (1) time per Drawing Period.

All entries and materials submitted become the property of the Sponsor and shall not be acknowledged or returned. If entries exceed the entry limitations, the Entrant may be disqualified in the Sponsors’ sole discretion. Entrants must provide all information requested to be eligible to win. Incomplete, unreadable, or unintelligible entries shall be disqualified. Entries generated by a script, macro or other automated means shall be disqualified. Each entrant must be the rightful owner or have authorized use of the e-mail address identified in the entrant's entry as of the Start Date. In the event of a dispute as to the identity of a winner, the winner shall be deemed to be the person in whose name the e-mail account governing the e-mail address was opened.

3. ELIGIBILITY: Sweepstakes is open to legal residents of the United States and Washington, D.C. (excluding Alaska, Hawaii, Louisiana, Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam) who are at least 18 years old at time of entry. Any individuals (including but not limited to employees, consultants, independent contractors and interns) who have, within six months prior to the Start Date, held employment with or performed services for Sponsor or Administrator (collectively, "Sweepstakes Entities") or any organizations affiliated with the sponsorship, fulfillment, administration, prize support, advertisement or promotion of the Sweepstakes are not eligible to enter or win. Immediate family and household members of such individuals are also not eligible to enter or win. "Household Members" shall mean those people who share the same residence at least three months a year. "Immediate Family Members" shall mean parents, step-parents, legal guardians, children, step-children, siblings, step-siblings, or spouses. Void where prohibited.

4. WINNER SELECTION AND NOTIFICATION: A random drawing will be conducted by the Sweepstakes Administrator from all eligible entries received during each Drawing Period. Four (4) prize winners will be selected in each Drawing Period based on the drawing schedule listed in Rule #2. Prize winner shall be notified by telephone, email and/or overnight mail, whichever is appropriate. Selected winner shall be required to respond (as directed) to the notification within five (5) business days of attempted notification date. The failure to respond timely to the notification shall result in forfeiture of the prize and, in such case, the Administrator shall randomly select an alternate winner from among the remaining eligible entries. Prize winners may (at Sponsor’s sole discretion) be required to verify name and complete address and to execute before a notary public and return within seven (7) days an affidavit of eligibility and liability/publicity release covering eligibility, liability, advertising, publicity and media appearance issues, unless prohibited by law. Prize shall not be awarded until all such properly executed and notarized forms are returned. The decisions of the Administrator are final and legally binding in all Sweepstakes related matters.

5. PRIZE: ONLY THE PRIZE LISTED BELOW WILL BE AWARDED EACH QUARTER.

FOUR (4) QUARTERLY PRIZES: Each winner will receive a $250 Staples Gift Card. Gift cards are redeemable at all Staples retail stores in the United States. The Staples Gift card is not redeemable, transferable or exchangeable for cash and cannot be applied to existing credit balances. The terms and conditions of use of a Staples Gift Card apply. See //www.staples.com/sbd/cre/marketing/giftcards/index.html?cmSearchKeyword=gift+cards for terms and conditions.

Prize winner cannot assign or transfer all or any portion of any prize to another person. Winner shall be responsible for any and all federal, state and/or local taxes resulting from acceptance of the prize. No prize will be replaced if lost or stolen once issued to the recipient. If a prize cannot be awarded due to circumstances beyond the control of Sponsor, a substitute prize of equal or greater retail value may be awarded.

6. ODDS OF WINNING: Odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received during each relevant Drawing Period.

7. CONDITIONS OF PARTICIPATION/INDEMNIFICATION: By participating, entrants agree to be bound by these Official Rules and the decisions of the Sponsor and the Administrator, which shall be final and legally binding in all respects. All federal, state and local laws and regulations apply. By participating in this Sweepstakes and/or by accepting any prize that they may win, entrants agree that the Sweepstakes Entities; their parent, subsidiary and affiliated companies, units and divisions and advertising and promotional agencies and prize suppliers; each of their respective officers, directors, agents, representatives and employees; and each of these companies and individuals' respective successors, representatives and assigns (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") shall not be liable for any and all actions, claims, including any third party claims, injury, loss or damage arising in any manner, directly or indirectly, arising from or relating to this Sweepstakes, including entry and participation in this Sweepstakes and acceptance, possession, use or misuse of any prize. Each entrant, including each prizewinner, by participating in the Sweepstakes, agrees to fully indemnify each Indemnified Party from any and all such claims by third parties without limitation. Entrants authorize the Indemnified Parties to use their name, voice, likeness, biographical data, city and state of residence and entry materials in programming or promotional material, worldwide in perpetuity, or on a winners list, if applicable, without further compensation unless prohibited by law. Sponsor is not obligated to use any of the above mentioned information or materials, but may do so and may edit such information or materials, at Sponsor's sole discretion, without further obligation or compensation. The Indemnified Parties shall not be liable for: (i) late, lost, delayed, stolen, misdirected, postage-due, incomplete unreadable, inaccurate, garbled or unintelligible entries, communications or affidavits, regardless of the method of transmission; (ii) telephone system, telephone or computer hardware, software or other technical or computer malfunctions, lost connections, disconnections, delays or transmission errors; (iii) data corruption, theft, destruction, unauthorized access to or alteration of entry or other materials; (iv) any injuries, losses or damages of any kind caused by the prize or resulting from acceptance, possession or use of a prize, or from participation in the Sweepstakes; or (v) any printing, typographical, administrative or technological errors in any materials associated with the Sweepstakes. Sponsor disclaims any liability for damage to any computer system resulting from participating in, or accessing or downloading information in connection with this Sweepstakes, and reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel, modify or suspend the Sweepstakes should a virus, bug, computer problem, unauthorized intervention or other causes beyond Sponsor's control, corrupt the administration, security or proper play of the Sweepstakes. Sponsor may prohibit you from participating in the Sweepstakes or winning a prize if, in its sole discretion, it determines you are attempting to undermine the legitimate operation of the Sweepstakes by cheating, hacking, deception, or any other unfair playing practices of intending to annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any other players or Sponsor representatives. This Sweepstakes shall be governed by the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Any and all legal actions or claims arising in connection with this Sweepstakes must be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction within the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and you hereby submit to jurisdiction by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. CAUTION: ANY ATTEMPT TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE THE WEB SITE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THE SWEEPSTAKES MAY BE IN VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS AND SHALL RESULT IN DISQUALIFICATION FROM PARTICIPATION IN THE SWEEPSTAKES. SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, SPONSOR RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK REMEDIES AND DAMAGES (INCLUDING ATTORNEY FEES) TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW, INCLUDING CRIMINAL PROSECUTION.

8. PRIVACY POLICY: By entering the Sweepstakes, you grant Sponsor permission to share your email address and any other personally identifiable information with the Administrator. Sponsor will not share your personal information with any parties other than the corresponding Sweepstakes Entities and suppliers who have been opted in by the entrants to send them future information.

9. Prize Winner List: For the list of quarterly prize winners or a copy of the Official Rules, mail a self-addressed, stamped envelope to be received no later than 2/8/2018 to: “The Staples® Customer Satisfaction Survey $250 Sweepstakes” (Winners List or Rules), PO Box 2242, Framingham, MA 01703-2242 (VT residents may omit return postage). Administrator will supply a winners list based on the date of receipt of any request.

Was this answer helpful? YesNo

U.S. Retail Survey Rule
Official Sweepstakes Rules

Staples® Customer Satisfaction Survey 2017/2018 $500 Monthly Sweepstakes

1. TIMING: NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. PURCHASE WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. YOU HAVE NOT YET WON. The Staples® Customer Satisfaction Survey 2017/2018 $500 Monthly Sweepstakes ("Sweepstakes") is a monthly random drawing Sweepstakes beginning on or about Sunday, January 29, 2017 at 12:00:01 a.m. Eastern Time (“ET”) and ending on Saturday, February, 3, 2018 at 11:59:59 p.m. ET (collectively, "Sweepstakes Period"). The administrator of this Sweepstakes is COHEN-FRIEDBERG ASSOCIATES, LLC, Framingham, MA 01702, ("Administrator"). The Sponsor of this Sweepstakes is Staples the Office Superstore, LLC, 500 Staples Drive, Framingham, MA 01702 ("Sponsor").

2. HOW TO ENTER: There are two ways to enter this Sweepstakes. (1) Customers who receive an invitation to complete a customer satisfaction survey either on their store receipt containing the official 19-digit order number (must complete survey within seven (7) days) or receive an email invitation from the Sponsor (must be complete survey within (14) days) to participate in the survey complete a customer satisfaction survey online. Once the survey has been completed you will automatically receive one entry into the Sweepstakes (see entry dates chart below) unless you affirmatively choose not to enter the Sweepstakes (option given during survey). (2) Free alternate means of entry: Legibly hand print on a postcard your complete name, street address (no P.O. Boxes please), city, state, zip code, daytime phone number, age and email address (if available) and mail it to: Staples Customer Satisfaction 2017/2018 Survey Sweepstakes, P.O. Box 2242, Framingham, MA 01703-2242. Entry in the Sweepstakes does not constitute entry into any other promotion, contest or sweepstakes.

SWEEPSTAKES PERIODS:

Entry Period

Entry Period Begins at 12:00:01 a.m. ET:

Entry Period Ends at 11:59:59 p.m. ET:

 

Anticipated Drawing Date:

All Mail-in Entries Must Be Received By 11:59:59 p.m. ET on the below dates:

1

 1/29/17

2/25/17

3/2/17

3/1/17

2

2/26/17

4/1/17

4/6/17

4/5/17

3

 4/2/17

 4/29/17

 5/4/17

 5/3/17

4

 4/30/17

 5/27/17

 6/1/17

 5/31/17

5

 5/28/17

 7/1/17

 7/6/17

 7/5/17

6

 7/2/17

 7/29/17

 8/3/17

 8/2/17

7

 7/30/17

 8/26/17

 8/31/17

 8/30/17

8

 8/27/17

 9/30/17

 10/5/17

 10/4/17

9

 10/1/17

10/28/17

 11/2/17

11/1/17

10

10/29/17

11/25/17

11/30/17

11/29/17

11

11/26/17

12/30/17

1/4/18

1/3/18

12

12/31/17

 2/3/18

 2/8/18

 2/7/18

 

Mail-in entries will be entered into the drawing period based on the date of receipt of entry. LIMIT: One (1) entry per month per email or household address. One (1) prize per person or household over the Sweepstakes Period. All entries received for a given month’s drawing will NOT be retained for subsequent months’ drawings.

All entries and materials submitted become the property of the Sponsor and shall not be acknowledged or returned. If entries exceed the entry limitations, the Entrant may be disqualified in the Sponsors’ sole discretion. Entrants must provide all information requested to be eligible to win. Incomplete, unreadable, or unintelligible entries shall be disqualified. Entries generated by a script, macro or other automated means shall be disqualified. Each entrant must be the rightful owner or have authorized use of the e-mail address identified in the entrant's entry as of the Start Date entry is made. In the event of a dispute as to the identity of a winner, the winner shall be deemed to be the person in whose name the e-mail account governing the e-mail address was opened.

3. ELIGIBILITY: Sweepstakes is open to legal residents of the United States and Washington, D.C. (excluding Hawaii, Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam) who are at least 21 years old at time of entry. Any individuals (including but not limited to employees, consultants, independent contractors and interns) who have, within six months prior to any entry date listed above, held employment with or performed services for Sponsor or Administrator (collectively, "Sweepstakes Entities") or any organizations affiliated with the sponsorship, fulfillment, administration, prize support, advertisement or promotion of the Sweepstakes are not eligible to enter or win. Immediate family and household members of such individuals are also not eligible to enter or win. "Household Members" shall mean those people who share the same residence at least three months a year. "Immediate Family Members" shall mean parents, step-parents, legal guardians, children, step-children, siblings, step-siblings, or spouses. Void where prohibited.

4. WINNER SELECTION AND NOTIFICATION: Winners shall be selected in a series of unique random drawings conducted by the Sweepstakes Administrator from all eligible entries received during a Sweepstakes Period (see Rule #2). Each Month four (4) $500 Staples Gift Card prize winners will be selected in each of the drawing periods listed in Rule #2.

Prize winner shall be notified by telephone, email and/or overnight mail, whichever is appropriate. Selected winner shall be required to respond (as directed) to the notification within three (3) business days of attempted notification date. The failure to respond timely to the notification shall result in forfeiture of the prize and, in such case, the Administrator shall randomly select an alternate winner from among the remaining eligible entries. Prize winners shall be required to verify name and complete address in order to claim their prize. The decisions of the Administrator are final and legally binding in all Sweepstakes related matters.

5. PRIZES: ONLY THE PRIZES LISTED BELOW WILL BE AWARED IN EACH MONTHLY DRAWING.

FOUR (4) MONTHLY PRIZES: Each month four winners shall each receive a $500 Staples Gift Card. Gift Cards are redeemable at all Staples retail stores in the continental United States. The Staples Gift card is not redeemable, transferable or exchangeable for cash and cannot be applied to existing credit balances. The terms and conditions of use of a Staples Gift Card apply. See //www.staples.com/sbd/cre/marketing/giftcards/index.html?cmSearchKeyword=gift+cards for terms and conditions.

Prize winners cannot assign or transfer all or any portion of any prize to another person. Winners shall be responsible for any and all federal, state and/or local taxes resulting from acceptance of the prize. No prize will be replaced if lost or stolen once issued to the recipient. If a prize cannot be awarded due to circumstances beyond the control of Sponsor, a substitute prize of equal or greater retail value may be awarded.

6. ODDS OF WINNING: Odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received during each Sweepstakes Period.

7. CONDITIONS OF PARTICIPATION/INDEMNIFICATION: By participating, entrants agree to be bound by these official rules and the decisions of the Sponsor and the Administrator, which shall be final and legally binding in all respects. All federal, state and local laws and regulations apply. By participating in this Sweepstakes and/or by accepting any prize that they may win, entrants agree that the Sweepstakes Entities; their parent, subsidiary and affiliated companies, units and divisions and advertising and promotional agencies and prize suppliers; each of their respective officers, directors, agents, representatives and employees; and each of these companies and individuals' respective successors, representatives and assigns (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") shall not be liable for any and all actions, claims, including any third party claims, injury, loss or damage arising in any manner, directly or indirectly, arising from or relating to this Sweepstakes, including entry and participation in this Sweepstakes and acceptance, possession, use or misuse of any prize. Each entrant, including each prize winner, by participating in the Sweepstakes, agrees to fully indemnify each Indemnified Party from any and all such claims by third parties without limitation. Entrants authorize the Indemnified Parties to use their name, voice, likeness, biographical data, city and state of residence and entry materials in programming or promotional material, worldwide in perpetuity, or on a winners list, if applicable, without further compensation unless prohibited by law. Sponsor is not obligated to use any of the above mentioned information or materials, but may do so and may edit such information or materials, at Sponsor's sole discretion, without further obligation or compensation. The Indemnified Parties shall not be liable for: (i) late, lost, delayed, stolen, misdirected, postage-due, incomplete unreadable, inaccurate, garbled or unintelligible entries, communications or affidavits, regardless of the method of transmission; (ii) telephone system, telephone or computer hardware, software or other technical or computer malfunctions, lost connections, disconnections, delays or transmission errors; (iii) data corruption, theft, destruction, unauthorized access to or alteration of entry or other materials; (iv) any injuries, losses or damages of any kind caused by the prize or resulting from acceptance, possession or use of a prize, or from participation in the Sweepstakes; or (v) any printing, typographical, administrative or technological errors in any materials associated with the Sweepstakes. Sponsor disclaims any liability for damage to any computer system resulting from participating in, or accessing or downloading information in connection with this Sweepstakes, and reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel, modify or suspend the Sweepstakes should a virus, bug, computer problem, unauthorized intervention or other causes beyond Sponsor's control, corrupt the administration, security or proper play of the Sweepstakes. Sponsor may prohibit you from participating in the Sweepstakes or winning a prize if, in its sole discretion, it determines you are attempting to undermine the legitimate operation of the Sweepstakes by cheating, hacking, deception, or any other unfair playing practices of intending to annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any other players or Sponsor representatives. This Sweepstakes shall be governed by the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Any and all legal actions or claims arising in connection with this Sweepstakes must be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction within the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and you hereby submit to jurisdiction by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. CAUTION: ANY ATTEMPT TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE THE WEB SITE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THE SWEEPSTAKES MAY BE IN VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS AND SHALL RESULT IN DISQUALIFICATION FROM PARTICIPATION IN THE SWEEPSTAKES. SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, SPONSOR RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK REMEDIES AND DAMAGES (INCLUDING ATTORNEY FEES) TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW, INCLUDING CRIMINAL PROSECUTION.

8. PRIVACY POLICY: By entering the Sweepstakes, you grant Sponsor permission to share your email address and any other personally identifiable information with the Administrator. Sponsor will not share your personal information with any parties other than the corresponding Sweepstakes Entities and suppliers who have been opted in by the entrants to send them future information.

9. PRIZE WINNER LIST: For the list of monthly prize winners or a copy of the Official Rules, mail a self-addressed, stamped envelope to be received no later than the drawing date listed in Rules #2 to: “Staples Customer Satisfaction 2017/2018 Survey” Winners List or Rules, PO Box 2242, Framingham, MA 01703-2242 (VT residents may omit return postage).

 

 

2/27/16

4/2/16

4/30/16

5/28/16

7/2/16

7/30/16

8/27/16

10/1/16

10/29/16

11/26/16

12/31/16

1/28/2017

Was this answer helpful? YesNo

Privacy Resource center
Welcome to the Privacy Resource Center

The following information is being made available for your education and reference purposes. We hope you find it helpful and informative as privacy and data security are important to all of us. Here’s what you can learn about in this Resource Center:

 General Security Practices
 Cookies
 Interest-Based and Online Behavioral Marketing
 Bluetooth beacons
 Mobile Devices and Location Services
 Scams
 Identity Theft
 Canadian specific resources
 European specific resources 
1. General Security Practices. It is a good general practice when using any website to take the following pre-cautions: 

Protect your username and password. Never share them with others and use different and complex passwords for each account. Consider using a commercially available Password Locker or Vault to generate and store your passwords.
Keep your virus protection software up to date.
Apply security patches by going to the vendor’s website.
Lock your computer screen when you leave it.
Be prepared and be aware, particularly of phishing attacks. Learn more about data security and phishing attacks in Section 6 below and at the FTC’s Identity Theft and Data Security website.
If applicable, enable encryption on your computer’s hard disk. Apple® computers come with encryption turned on. You need to enable Microsoft Window’s encryption called Bitlocker.
Use multi-factor authentication services where available. These are services that add another layer of security. In addition to your password, “something you know”, these services require “something you have”, often a unique id that is presented to you on your phone or another device.
When shopping or providing sensitive information, make sure the website is using secure connections indicated by “HTTPS” versus “HTTP” in the URL.
Understand how websites will use your data and the choices that are available to you by reading the website’s privacy statement.
Other public online safety resources:

Stay Safe Online Shopping (National Cyber Security Alliance)
You Are Here (FTC)
How to Shop Online More Safely (AARP)
Safeshopping.org (American Bar Association)
Tips for Shopping Safely Online (Better Business Bureau)
2. Cookies

Cookies are pieces of information that are transferred from websites to your computer’s hard drive and they may serve a variety of purposes. Web beacons, flash cookies and other similar technologies may also be used for these purposes. For example, cookies “remember” you when you return to a website and make your experience more user-friendly. Cookies identify which web pages are visited and how often. Cookies are also used to allow companies to better understand how their websites are used to improve their services.

 

Types of Cookies, How They Are Used and

The Potential Impact If Disabled

 

 

Cookie Type	Purpose	Potential impact if disabled
Session Cookies	Used to support website functionality	Access to website content and features may be limited
Preference Cookies	Used to remember user preferences from one visit to the next	Preference will need to be reset on each visit to the website.  This may also disable the ability have websites “remember” you at time of login
Advertising Cookies	Used to serve you advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests	Advertisements will still be displayed but will be more random and may be less relevant to you and your interests
Security Cookies	Used as a component of a website’s general security and user authentication processes	Access to website and features may be limited


 

How to disable or delete cookies

If you want to prevent your browser from accepting cookies, if you want to be informed whenever a cookie is stored on your computer or if you want to delete cookies from your computer, please make the necessary changes in your Internet browser settings, typically under the sections “Help” or “Internet Options”. See links below:

Internet Explorer: //windows.microsoft.com/en-gb/internet-explorer/delete-manage-cookies#ie=ie-9
FireFox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored
Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647
Safari: https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/
If you disable or delete cookies in your Internet browser settings, you might not be able to access important functions or features, you will be required to re-enter your log-in details and your use of the website may be limited.

Please note that if you clear all cookies on your browser, or use a different browser or computer, you will need to complete the opt-out procedure again.

To opt out from flash cookies, please click here: //www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html.

3. Interest-Based and Online Behavioral Marketing

Advertising Brokers

Cookies also enable companies to market products and services and deliver targeted advertising to you. You can opt-out of receiving personalized ads from third party advertisers and ad networks using the opt-out features at  Digital Advertising Alliance or the Network Advertising Initiative. AdChoices, indicated by the icon is an example of a service some websites offer to assist in managing Interest-Based advertising choices.

If your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit these pages, or if you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different device or change web browsers, your opt-out may become ineffective and may need to be repeated.

Website Analytics

Websites use tools to track and manage website traffic. Google Analytics is a commonly used tool for this purpose. Individuals may opt out of Google Analytics tracking by visiting https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

Note: If your browsers are configured to reject cookies, or if you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different device or change web browsers, opt-out elections may become ineffective and may need to be repeated.

4. Bluetooth beacons

 Bluetooth beacons transmit a low-power signal that can be received within short distances by nearby Bluetooth-enabled mobile devices and recognized by apps a smartphone user has downloaded. Beacons only broadcast signals, and don’t collect any data. With the user’s permission, an app on a device can use the beacon’s signals to know when the mobile device is close to the beacon.

5. Mobile Devices and Location Services

Mobile devices offer access to many features including applications developed specifically for mobile devices and direct access to the internet via browsers. These devices also provide additional services including location services which broadcast your location and notifications services that allow you to receive messages. You can disable the GPS locator or push notifications on your mobile device via your device settings.

Learn more about mobile devices and location services.

6. Scams (If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is a scam)

Phishing: This occurs when scammers send legitimate-looking emails to illegitimately gather personal and financial information. The emails look just like a legitimate email and often use company logos. If the customer falls for the bait, the thief could get credit card numbers, PINs, account passwords, expiration dates, credit card/bank account numbers and even Social Security numbers. Don’t click on links in emails unless you’ve requested the email or somehow otherwise know it is real. Learn more about phishing.

Vishing: Vishing is like "phishing" but uses a phone (baiting people by voice instead of email. Scammers pose as a known retailer or bank. They often call saying they need to verify information on file asking the individual to provide their personal information.

Don’t provide sensitive information over the phone when asked, instead contact the company directly at a number you find on a statement of on their website. Don’t call a number you are provided over the phone. Learn more about vishing.

Smishing: In these scammers use text messages, called "SMS" messages, instead of emails or phone calls. They have been seen with messages of winning a contest. Learn more about smishing.

7. Identity Theft

Steps to consider in protecting yourself against fraud and identity theft:

Learn more about Identify Theft and visit the FTC Identity Theft Resources.
Review your account statements regularly. Carefully review your bank, credit card, and other account statements every month to ensure that all of your account activity is valid. Report any questionable charges promptly and in writing to the card or account issuer.
Review your credit report from time to time. Obtain and review your credit report periodically to ensure that all your information is correct. You can obtain a free credit report once per year by visiting http://www.annualcreditreport.com or by calling 877-322-8228. Carefully reviewing your credit report can help you spot problems and address them quickly. If you have any questions about your credit report or notice any inaccuracies, contact the relevant consumer reporting agency promptly at the telephone number listed on the report.
Create a fraud alert. Consider placing a fraud alert on your credit file. The fraud alert prompts creditors to contact you before opening any new accounts or increasing credit limits on your existing accounts. You can place a fraud alert on your credit file by contacting one of three consumer reporting agencies listed below. You need to contact only one of the three agencies in order to create the alert; the agency you contact is required by law to contact the other two. You will receive confirmation letters in the mail and then will be able to order a credit report from each of the three agencies, free of charge. The fraud alert will remain in your credit file for at least 90 days. 
Equifax 
P.O. Box 740241
Atlanta, GA 30374
800-525-6285 
www.equifax.com

Experian 
P.O. Box 9532
Allen, TX 75013
888-397-3742 
www.experian.com

TransUnion 
P.O. Box 6790
Fullerton, CA 92834
800-680-7289 
www.transunion.com

 




 

8. Canadian specific resources:

Digital Advertising Association (Canada)
Canadian Standard Association (CSA) Model Code for the Protection of Personal Information
9. European Union specific resources:

Effective as of May 25, 2018 the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) will replace the currently applicable EU Data Protection Directive and it will override existing EU national privacy laws. The GDPR will require new or additional obligations on all companies that handle EU citizens’ personal data, regardless of where the companies themselves are located. These regulations will only apply to the following affiliated companies: Makr, Marke Creative and to a certain extent, Staples Promotional Products.

GDPR affords EU and EA citizens additional protections.

For example, you can request from us the following information:

whether and why we have your personal information;
how we got your personal information;
what we have done with your personal information;
to whom we have communicated your personal information;
where your personal information has been stored, processed or transferred;
how long we will retain your personal information, or how that retention period will be determined; and
the safeguards in place to protect your information when it is transferred to third parties or third countries.
For more information on GDPR, see: Official text of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
 

Legal Disclaimer - This website is provided for informational purposes only and should not be considered as a contractual commitment or legal advice.

 

What has changed:

May 25, 2018

Initial version of the Information Security and Privacy Resource Center

 

 

Review your credit report from time to time. Obtain and review your credit report periodically to ensure that all your information is correct. You can obtain a free credit report once per year by visiting http://www.annualcreditreport.com or by calling 877-322-8228. Carefully reviewing your credit report can help you spot problems and address them quickly. If you have any questions about your credit report or notice any inaccuracies, contact the relevant consumer reporting agency promptly at the telephone number listed on the report.
Was this answer helpful? YesNo

Product Reviews Terms of Use
1. INTRODUCTION. These terms of use (“Terms”) govern your use of the “Product Reviews” and “Social Q&A” features (the “Service”) on Staples.com. When you submit Content (as defined below), you are subject to these Terms, as well as the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy (in the event of any conflict these Terms will control). The Service is provided by Staples, Inc. (“Staples”). Please read these Terms carefully, because they constitute a legal agreement between you and Staples. If you do not agree to these Terms, please terminate your use of the Service. Staples reserves the right to change these Terms; you should check these Terms periodically. By using the Service after we post changes to these Terms, you agree to accept those changes, whether or not you actually reviewed them. These Terms were last updated on December 13, 2017.

2. THE SERVICE. Subject to these Terms, you may use the Service to submit Reviews and Social Q&A (collectively, the “Content”).

a) “Reviews” means any reviews, comments, opinions, product or service ratings or reviews, articles, written expressions, material, text, videos, photographs and information or other data, in any form or media, provided by you, and/or on your behalf, to Staples.

b) “Social Q&A” means your questions, and answers to other users questions, about Products provided by you, and/or on your behalf, to Staples.

3. PROHIBITED USES. You agree you will not: (i) use, or encourage, promote, facilitate or instruct others to use, the Service for any illegal, harmful or offensive use; (ii) modify, translate, Reverse Engineer, decompile, disassemble (except to the extent applicable laws specifically prohibit such restriction), make any attempt to discover the source code of the Service and/or or create derivative works thereof; or (iii) use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any Content.

4. LICENSE. For any Content, you grant to Staples a royalty-free, irrevocable, transferable, perpetual, nonexclusive, sub-licensable, worldwide right and license to use the Content however Staples desires, including without limitation, to copy, delete in its entirety, adapt, publish all or any portion of the Content, translate, create derivative works from and/or distribute such Content and/or incorporate such Content into any form, medium or technology throughout the world, in all cases without compensation to you.

5. REPRESENTATIONS. You are responsible for your Content. By submitting Content, you represent and warrant that:

a) you are at least 18 years old, and are the sole author and owner of the intellectual property rights thereto;

b) the Content is accurate and represents your current honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experience;

c) you have not been promised that your Content will be posted or published, nor have you been promised any payment for your Content, and if you have received a free sample of a product which is the subject of your Review, you will disclose that fact in your Review;

d) the Content (i) does not violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation, (ii) does not infringe any third party’s copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy, or (iii) will not cause injury to any person or entity; and

e) the Content is not, and may not reasonably be considered to be, obscene, defamatory, libelous, threatening, hateful, racially or religiously biased or offensive, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing to any individual or entity.

6. USE OF CONTENT. Your Content will not be treated as confidential by Staples or its third party service providers and their respective directors, officers and employees. Accordingly, please do not submit anything that you do not want to share with the general public (for example, financial information, social security number, etc.). By submitting your email address in connection with your Content, you agree that Staples may contact you about the status of your Content and other administrative purposes. Any Content you submit may be used, or not used, in Staples’ sole discretion, and Staples may deny, edit for clarity or length, condense or remove Content which Staples deems to violate these Terms, or Content which:

a) is not clear and understandable;

b) is in a foreign language;

c) includes details about Staples’ competitors;

d) includes personal details or information about You or someone else;

e) is the same as other reviews submitted by You; or

f) includes obvious errors (such as text and star rankings which do not generally match, or a review which does not correspond to the product).

7. INDEMNITY. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless each of Staples and its third party service providers and their respective officers, directors, agents and employees, from all claims, demands, damages, costs and expenses of every kind and nature, known and unknown, including without limitation reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of a (i) any Content you submit, (ii) your breach of these Terms, or (iii) your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.

Was this answer helpful? YesNo

Technology Services Terms and Conditions
 

1. General. You, on behalf of your organization as an authorized representative thereof (“Client”), may purchase and Staples (“Vendor”) will provide the technology products (“Products”) and services (“Services”) at the prices quoted by Vendor and pursuant to these terms and conditions. Quoted prices are subject to change.

2. Risk of Loss. Title and risk of loss or damage for any Products will pass to Client when it is delivered to Client or Client’s agent.

3. Change Orders/Cancellation. Any order changes must be submitted in writing. Vendor will use commercially reasonable efforts to accommodate Client’s written change order request. All changes/cancellation requests will be evaluated at the time of request by Vendor and are subject to revised lead times and/or additional charges as applicable.

4. Payment. Payment terms are net 30 days from the date of shipment and net 10 days on a consolidated billing method (e.g. weekly, monthly). Credit cards will not be accepted unless otherwise agreed by Vendor. Vendor reserves the right to charge interest on any past due amount at the rate of 1.5% per month, or the maximum rate legally permitted, whichever is less.

5. Taxes. Vendor may collect, and Client will pay, any taxes which Vendor may be required to pay or collect by law in connection with quoted Products and Services. Any such taxes will be added to the price at time of invoicing and the Client will pay the same unless the Client will furnish written proof thereof of exemption to Vendor prior to the estimated shipping date. The appropriate tax rate will be based on where the Product is received.

6. Limited Warranty. Vendor will pass through all manufacturers’ warranties for the Products sold to Client in lieu of any other express or implied warranties by Vendor. All Services shall be performed in a professional and workmanlike manner consistent with industry standards. VENDOR EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, NON-INFRINGMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE OR PURPOSE, OR ANY OTHER STATUTORY OR COMMON LAW WARRANTY.

7. Termination. Either party will have the right to terminate the provision of Products or Services, without cause, by giving the other party thirty days prior written notice. Vendor will provide all Products and Services agreed upon prior to the effective date of termination. Client will pay to Vendor all amounts owed for services rendered prior to the effective date of termination.

8. Limitation of Liability. A PARTY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES WILL NOT EXCEED THE FEES PAID BY CLIENT TO VENDOR FOR SUCH PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES. NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF. THIS SECTION SHALL NOT APPLY TO A PARTY’S GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT. VENDOR WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CLIENT’S FAILURE TO PROTECT OR BACK UP ITS FILES NOR WILL VENDOR BE LIABILE FOR THE COST OF RECONSTURCTING ANY DATA STORED IN ANY MEDIUM LOST OR DAMAGED DURING THE COURSE OF VENDOR’S PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICES.

9. Confidentiality. The parties will not disclose any confidential information furnished by the other party, except as required by law. In the event a party believes it is required by subpoena or other legal process to disclose confidential information received from the other party, it will give prompt written notice to such other party prior to making any disclosures.

10. Indemnification. Each party (“Indemnifying Party”) will defend, hold harmless and indemnify the other, its officers, directors, employees, and agents (“Indemnified Party”) from and against all third-party claims, damages, or causes of action arising out of or related to the Indemnifying Party’s negligent acts or omissions or material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or obligation under these terms and conditions. The Indemnified Party agrees to (a) notify the Indemnifying Party promptly in writing of such action, (b) give the Indemnifying Party sole control of the defense and settlement of such action and (c) provide the Indemnifying Party all reasonable information and assistance requested.
11. Force Majeure. Neither party will be liable for delays or impairment of performance resulting in whole or in part from acts of God, labor disruptions, shortages, inability to procure product, supplies or raw materials, severe weather conditions, acts of subcontractors, interruption of utility services, acts of governments, or any other circumstances or causes beyond the control of either party in the conduct of its business.
12. Assignment. Neither party may assign these terms or conditions or related quote without the prior written consent of the other.
13. Insurance. Each party will maintain adequate insurance protection covering its respective activities hereunder, including coverage for statutory workers’ compensation, comprehensive general liability for bodily injury and property damage, and for vehicles, to the extent applicable.
14. Governing Law. The provisions of these terms and conditions will be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York excluding its conflicts of law provisions.
15. Miscellaneous. These terms and conditions, in addition to any quote, contain the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. All modifications must be in writing, signed by authorized agents of both parties. These terms and conditions will control over any terms and conditions presented in either party’s order forms or other documents which conflict with these terms and conditions. If there are any additional terms and conditions contained in Client’s ordering documents that add to or conflict with these terms and conditions, except for product description, pricing, quantity, and delivery instructions, such terms and conditions are expressly objected to and will not be binding on Vendor.