Privacy Notice
Our Commitment To Privacy
At H.B. Fuller, we value your personal information, and we are committed to protecting your privacy.

We are taking a leadership role in assisting our customers and other businesses in understanding the importance of using your information appropriately. Further, we are committed to making the internet a safe and secure place for you to transact online.

Scope of This Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice applies to all websites owned and operated by the H.B. Fuller Company, located at 1200 Willow Lake Ave, Vadnais Heights, Minnesota 55110 in the United States (“H.B. Fuller Company”), unless otherwise noted through a separate privacy policy (the “Websites”).  This Privacy Notice also applies to personal data collected from you offline in-person, for example, if you provide us your business card at a trade show.  The data controller for your personal data is the local H.B. Fuller affiliate that you have contacted (“H.B. Fuller," “we,"or “us”).  H.B. Fuller Company operates the Websites and customer relationship management databases to assist local H.B. Fuller affiliates in serving you.

The goal of this Privacy Notice is to advise you of the online and in-person offline privacy practices of H.B. Fuller regarding your personal data and to describe the choices you have about the way such personal data is used. “Personal data” means information that relates to you as an individually identifiable person, such as your name, e-mail address, and mobile number.

Your Information
H.B. Fuller’s primary goals in collecting information about you are to facilitate your access information about its products and services relevant to you and to give you a meaningful, enjoyable, and personalized website experience. Personal data also allows us to provide better service to you by tailoring our communications to match your interests – to deliver more of what you want and less of what you don’t want. Not providing information may mean we cannot provide a personalized experience or provide services you request.

Here are the types of personal data we gather:

Personal Data You Explicitly Provide: You will be asked to provide personal data when you submit through the Websites a request for information. If you wish to purchase products or services from one of the Websites, you will be prompted to authenticate to make a purchase, submit an order or view details about a previous order. H.B. Fuller will be able to identify you based upon the information or credentials that you enter.You also may provide your personal data to us in person by filling out a survey at a trade show or giving us your business card in a meeting. You can choose not to provide information or credentials, but then you might not be able to obtain some of our products, services or offerings.
Cookies: H.B. Fuller uses cookies on the Websites in order to make the Websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide web services and functionalities for users. For more information (including about the type of information gathered by means of cookies as well as the purposes of our use of such information), please see the H.B. Fuller Cookie Policy by clicking here. This section on cookies does not apply to in-person offline data collection.
Information Sent To Us By Your Internet Web Browser: H.B. Fuller collects information that is automatically sent to us by your browser. This typically contains your IP address (or the IP address of your firewall or Internet Service Provider), the name of your Operating System (OS X®, IOS®, Windows®, Linux®, etc.), and the name and version of your browser (Internet Explorer®, Google Chrome™, Safari®, Firefox®, etc.). We do not link your personal data to your IP address. Where, according to local law, IP addresses and the like are considered personal data, we treat them as such. This section also does not apply to in-person offline data collection.The information that we receive is dependent upon your browser settings. For more information about these settings, please see the help pages for your specific browser. H.B. Fuller will use this information to create statistics that will help with the design of the Websites.

Using Your Information 
H.B. Fuller uses your personal data for the following purposes: 

To create and maintain accounts;
To authenticate your access to your account;
To provide you with information you request;
To respond to your queries;
To better understand your needs and interests and to personalize communications;
To develop new products and services and to improve our existing products and services,
To send you information about our products and services, to the extent permitted by law;
As applicable, to process, fulfill and follow up on orders;
To provide you with information related to your account, and the products or services you purchased from us;
To respond to your inquiries about becoming a distributor for H.B. Fuller and, if your company does become a distributor, to maintain the business relationship;

Does H.B. Fuller Share Your Personal Data? 
H.B. Fuller will not sell your personal data to any third-party vendor or business.  H.B. Fuller will share your personal data with third parties only to the extent that your personal data is used for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice. In all cases, your personal data will be used in a manner consistent with this Privacy Notice.

The following are the ways in which we share your personal data:

Affiliated Companies: As described more fully in Section 7 below, H.B. Fuller shares your personal data with H.B. Fuller Company (the parent corporation located in the United States).H.B. Fuller Company manages the Websites and handles your personal data for the reasons described in Section 4 above. H.B. Fuller and H.B. Fuller Company may also share your personal data with other companies in the H.B. Fuller family of companies as necessary to respond to your requests.
Third-Party Service Providers: We will share your personal data with third-party service providers under contract with H.B. Fuller and H.B. Fuller Company to help us provide services to you.The following are some of the types of third-party service providers with which we share your personal data and our purpose for doing so:
Data Analytics: We retain third-party service providers to help us perform data analytics regarding your interactions with the Websites.
Communications Service Providers: Service providers assist us in sending you communications using your personal data, such as emails, mail through the postal service, and telephone calls.
Legal Advice: We may disclose your personal data to an attorney in the process of obtaining legal advice.
Customer Relationship Management Providers: We disclose your personal data to service providers that host and service our customer relationship management database so that we can effectively manage our relationship with you and with your company.
Enterprise Resource Planning Providers: We disclose your personal data to service providers that host and service our enterprise resource planning database and systems.These service providers assist us in efficiently administering business operations and customer support, particularly by facilitating information flow within H.B. Fuller.
Administrative Services Providers: We disclose personal data to administrative services providers, such as accountants, in order to manage our business operations.
Advertising Platforms: We may disclose the fact that you visited the Websites to advertising networks so that they can show you H.B. Fuller advertisements on other websites and platforms.These services can help us tailor advertising that we think may be of interest to you based on your use of the Websites and to otherwise collect and use data about your use of the Websites.
We require these third-party service providers, by written agreement, to provide safeguards for your personal data similar to the ones that we provide.

Required Disclosures: We may be required to share personal data in a court proceeding, in response to a court order, subpoena, civil discovery request, other legal process, or as otherwise required by law.
Legal Compliance and Protections: We may disclose account and other personal data when we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property, or safety of H.B. Fuller, our users, or others. This includes exchanging personal data with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Corporate Transactions: We reserve the right to disclose and transfer your data, including your personal data:
To a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of the Websites or successor database.
In connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, the sale of substantially all of our membership interests and/or assets or other corporate change, including to any prospective purchasers.
 
Your Choices about Receiving E-mail
H.B. Fuller may send you e-mails about your requests, orders or account and in response to your questions. H.B. Fuller also may send you e-mails with information and/or special offers about products and services that may be of interest to you, provided that you granted your consent to the receipt of such emails where required by law.

Promotional e-mail that you receive from H.B. Fuller will tell you how to opt-out of receiving future promotional e-mail. Alternatively, to opt-out of receiving promotional e-mails from H.B. Fuller, please click here.

Protecting Your Personal Data
H.B. Fuller implements a variety of administrative, managerial and technical security measures to help protect your personal data. H.B. Fuller has Internal Control Standards, which relate specifically to the handling of personal data. These include certain controls to help safeguard the information we collect online.

H.B. Fuller employees are trained to understand and comply with these controls, and we communicate our Privacy Notice, practices and guidelines to our employees. However, while we strive to protect your personal data, you also must take steps to protect your information. We urge you to take every precaution to protect your information while you are online.

Links to Other Websites and Plug-ins
The Websites contain links to other websites and social media channels not owned or operated by H.B. Fuller. These links are provided as a service to visitors to the Websites and do not contain any endorsement of the products offered or opinions expressed by these sites. H.B. Fuller does not control these sites and is not responsible for their content, security and privacy practices. H.B. Fuller encourages you to ascertain the privacy practices of those websites before providing any personal data to them.

Keeping Your Personal Data Accurate
If you have an account, you can review and update your account profile using your user name and password. You can also contact your usual local customer service person, or email Data_Privacy@hbfuller.com. 

How to Reach Us
If you have general questions or concerns, please contact us by e-mail: hbf-feedback@hbfuller.com, by telephone at: +1-651-236-5900, or by mail at:

H.B. Fuller

1200 Willow Lake Blvd.

P.O. Box 64683

St. Paul, Minnesota  55164-0683

USA

H.B. Fuller commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal data. We therefore have a dedicated email address through which you are free to contact us on privacy matters:  Data_Privacy@hbfuller.com.

Information Specific to Non-U.S. Users
All locations outside of the United States
H.B. Fuller will comply with requests to exercise individual data rights in accordance with applicable law.  You should contact Data_Privacy@hbfuller.com to request to exercise your data rights.

The personal data collected through the Websites is downloaded to a server and the personal data collected offline in-person is entered into databases. The server and databases are located in the United States under the control of H.B. Fuller Company.  The United States may have different data protection standards than those in your country.

European Economic Area and Switzerland
The information in this section, as well as the information in the section above titled “All locations outside of the United States”, applies to users in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland (collectively, the “EEA”).

Automated Decision-Making
H.B. Fuller sometimes uses the personal data of individuals located in the EEA (“EEA Individuals”) submitted through the Websites for automated decision-making. For example, H.B. Fuller may display advertisements and send emails to you containing content automatically chosen based on the products you have viewed on the Websites. However, H.B. Fuller will not use EEA Individuals’ personal data submitted through the Websites or collected offline in-person for automated decision-making, including profiling, which produces legal effects or similarly significantly affects the EEA Individual.   

Cross-Border Data Transfers:
The personal data collected through the Websites and collected offline in-person will be transferred to H.B. Fuller Company in the United States.  H.B. Fuller Company will use the personal data for the purposes described above in Section 4 and to forward any requests you submit to H.B. Fuller ( the H.B. Fuller affiliate local to you).  In addition, H.B. Fuller’s affiliated companies may on occasion access your personal data to assist in responding to your requests, for example, about a product produced by that affiliated company.  H.B. Fuller’s affiliated companies are located around the world.  The locations of the affiliated companies are listed here. H.B. Fuller Company and H.B. Fuller’s affiliated companies have agreed to process your personal data in accordance with the Standard Contractual Clauses for data controllers approved by the European Commission.  You can obtain a copy of the Standard Contractual Clauses by submitting a request to Data_Privacy@hbfuller.com.

The recipients of personal data (listed in Section 5 above) are located in the United States or in the EEA, except for some of H.B. Fuller’s affiliated companies.  Before transferring your personal data to a third party recipient located outside the EEA, the Company, or H.B. Fuller Company on its behalf, will: (a) execute Standard Contractual Clauses, approved by the European Commission, to ensure an adequate level of protection for the transfer of your personal data to those entities outside the EU; (b) confirm that the third party has certified to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework; or (c) otherwise ensure adequate protection for your personal data. You can obtain a copy of the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses or Privacy Shield certification by contacting Data_Privacy@hbfuller.com.

Legal Bases For Processing:
Individuals in the EEA are not required by statute or by contract to provide any personal data to the Websites. H.B. Fuller processes your personal data with your consent, for example, to respond to your requests for information, and as required by law.  H.B. Fuller also processes your information as necessary to fulfil our contractual obligations to you, for example, to send you transactional information about your purchases. In addition, H.B. Fuller processes your personal data as necessary to enter into an employment contract with you when evaluating your job application and to enter into a business contact with your company, for example if you request information about becoming an H.B. Fuller distributor.

H.B. Fuller also processes personal data as necessary for its legitimate interests as follows:

Changes to this Privacy Notice
To comply with legal requirements or a court order;
To assist with crime investigation, such as identity theft; and
In connection with the sale, merger, acquisition, purchase, or reorganization of H.B. Fuller.
Business Operations: We use your personal data for our legitimate business purposes, including to better understand your needs and interests, to develop new products and services, to improve existing products and services, and to personalize communications.
Marketing and advertising: We use your personal data regarding products and services in which you have demonstrated an interest, as necessary to provide you information about the products and services that we think might interest you in accordance with applicable law.We also use this data to conduct market research and to improve our marketing strategies.
Investigations: In the event of fraud, a security incident, or a suspected criminal act, we would examine personal data that appeared to be linked to the incident as necessary to determine what happened, remediate, report to the authorities, and prevent a recurrence.
Individual Rights:
Rights to Access, Correct, and Delete: EEA Individuals have the right to access their personal data and to request that H.B. Fuller update, correct, or delete (the “right to be forgotten”) their personal data as provided by applicable law.  EEA Individuals’ right to access their personal data includes their right to receive a copy of all, or a portion, of their personal data in H.B. Fuller’s possession as long as H.B. Fuller’s providing the personal data would not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.

Rights to Restrict and Data Portability: EEA Individuals have the right to restrict H.B. Fuller’s processing of their personal data.  In addition, EEA Individuals have the right to data portability concerning their personal data.  Subject to certain limitations, the right to data portability allows EEA Individuals to obtain from H.B. Fuller, or to ask H.B. Fuller to send to a third party, a digital copy of the personal data that they provided to H.B. Fuller.

Right to Object to Processing for Direct Marketing or Legitimate Interests: EEA Individuals have the right to object to the processing of their personal data for purposes of H.B. Fuller’s direct marketing or legitimate interests by contacting H.B. Fuller at Data_Privacy@hbfuller.com.

How to Exercise Data Rights: EEA Individuals can exercise these rights by contacting Data_Privacy@hbfuller.com.  H.B. Fuller will respond to such requests in accordance with applicable data protection law.  If EEA Individuals believe that their personal data has been processed in violation of applicable data protection law, they have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection authority in the country where they reside, where they work, or where the alleged violation occurred.

Withdrawal of Consent: EEA Individuals may use the contact information above, at any time, to withdraw their consent for the processing of their personal data where H.B. Fuller requires their consent as a legal basis for processing their personal data.  Any withdrawal will apply only prospectively, and H.B. Fuller will continue to retain the personal data that EEA Individuals provided before they withdrew their consent for as long as allowed, as is reasonable in the circumstances, or as is required by applicable law.

If we change this Privacy Notice, we will post those changes on this page and update the Privacy Notice modification date below. If we materially change this Privacy Notice in a way that affects how we use or disclose your personal data, we will provide a prominent notice of such changes and the effective date of the changes before making them.

 

Last updated: v.018  May 25, 2018