Legal Notices and Disclaimers:
 
Privacy Statement: Status respects your privacy. Information obtained from our website is collected solely for the purpose of keeping you informed about items of interest. Some information ("General Information") is gathered automatically when you access our website. This General Information (which includes information about your computer such as your browser type, operating system, IP address or ISP domain name, and navigation/click stream data such as what pages are visited and how long various features are used ) does not identify you personally and will not reveal or be associated with the personal identity of you or your business, without your prior approval. Some information that is identifiable as yours (your "Personal Information") is not gathered automatically when you access our website. If you wish to provide Personal Information, you must do so voluntarily, and you may do so in a number of different ways. For example, if you request additional information through an e-mail link on our website, you will be asked for certain Personal Information, such as your name, your street mailing address, your email address and other information. In addition to contact information, we may ask you to enter a username, password or similar data when you access our website, so that we can verify your right to access certain pages. We do not sell or transfer any Personal; Information outside of our affiliated companies unless we obtain your approval when you provide the information, or unless we must pass the information to a third party to obtain the information or service you request. We may use all or a portion of the General Information and Personal Information to: (a) complete and support the online activity for which you supplied the information; (b) administer the technical and operational aspects of our website; (c) evaluate, improve and enhance the website for the benefit of all users; (d) contact you regarding updates to our website or to promote a product or service we believe may interest you; and (e) support business purposes that we believe are reasonable and consistent with fair business practices. We also use Personal Information to determine other information that will be delivered to you that may be targeted to your interests, as well as determining what periodic marketing and promotional notices to provide you with. You may, at any time, choose to not receive email communications from us by "opting out" of specific mailing lists and services by means of sending an email to our webmaster at webmaster@stratusproperties.com. When you enter Personal Information on our website you are consenting to our use of such information for the purposes identified in this paragraph. We may disclose information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing the information is necessary for us to protect or enforce our legal rights, or when we believe that the law requires it, and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service and improve our products and services. Cookies are small data files stored by your browser in your computer when you visit our web site. We may use cookies to make our website easier to use and to improve website performance. Cookies permit us to recognize users and avoid burdensome and repetitive requests for identical information. 
 
Stratus Group. Companies and corporations in the Stratus Group have their own separate legal identities, but on this web site or on other web sites operated by Stratus we may sometimes use "Stratus", "we" or "us" when we refer to companies in the Stratus Group. The property identified on this web site may not be owned by a company in the Status Group. Stratus does not warrant or guarantee the obligations of any builder who may build and sell homes within the Barton Creek communities. 
 
General.

The information provided within this website is for informational purposes only. Status attempts to provide accurate information but does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, is not responsible for errors or omissions in its content, and makes no warranties, express or implied, regarding anything contained within this web site or its links. Stratus shall have no liability for damages of any kind arising out of information on this website. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, STRATUS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED 55557-1 02/04/2003 WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT . The format and content of this web site may be changed at any time without notice. Operation of this website may be suspended or discontinued for support or maintenance to update its content or for any other reason. Access may be terminated either in relation to specific users or generally at any time and without notice. Stratus is not liable for third party links. Stratus does not warrant that this website is free of viruses or other harmful components. In using this website the user submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Travis County, Texas, for the purpose of resolving any disputes arising from user's use of this website. 
 
Prices, locations, features, and community plans and availability are subject to change without notice. Prices shown, if any, refer to base prices on the date that information was included or updated. All maps or depictions are conceptual artist renderings, are not to scale, and are for informational purposes only. All dimensions and specifications (including square footage) are approximate. All information regarding amenities, golf clubs and other clubs is subject to change without notice. Stratus has no affiliation with the Barton Creek Country Club and membership in the club is subject to availability, completion of the application process, and all fees and dues. The communities described on this website may be subject to agreements for services, products and utilities, such as natural gas or cable television and related service upgrades. These agreements may provide for credits, allowances, rebates, reimbursements or revenue sharing between Stratus and the provider or supplier of the services, products and utilities. Some communities are subject to feature builder agreements under which Stratus may be entitled to a marketing fee or brokerage commission from the feature builder which may be passed on to you as a purchaser by your builder. 
 
Equal Housing Opportunity. Stratus is committed to a policy of equal housing opportunity and does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex, age or physical ability. 
 
Copyright Notice. This website and the information contained within the site, including graphics and photography, is copyrighted by Stratus. Reproduction and distribution without written permission is strictly prohibited. 
 
No Prior Registration. This is not an offering in states where prior registration is required. 
 
No Offer. None of the information on this web site shall be construed, and is not intended to be construed, as an offer by Stratus to sell any property or lot.