PRIVACY POLICY
OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
Eldorado Resorts, Inc. respects the privacy of every individual who visits our website or responds to our interactive advertisements. This Privacy Statement outlines the information we will collect through our website and how that information will be used. This Statement will also instruct you on what to do if you do not want this information collected or further disseminated. Any changes to the privacy statement will always be posted on the website.

THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Non-personally identifiable information collected automatically when visiting the website:

In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally-identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, and the domain name of the website from which you linked to our site or advertisement.

PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED WHEN REGISTERING TO OUR WEBSITE:
Personal information may be gathered from you to assist with marketing programs designed to identify broad market groups for specific promotional opportunities. By providing personal information for this purpose you agree to be placed on marketing lists and may receive promotional notices from the Eldorado Resort Casino, from time to time.

PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED WHEN PURCHASING ON OUR WEBSITE:
The personal information you provide (name, address, telephone number, email address) to the company will be used to identify you as a customer of the company and in connection with delivering services or products that you order.

HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION:
We will use the information you provide to us for the specific purposes for which you provided the information, as stated at the time of collection. Additionally, we may use your information for other purposes to operate our business such as:

to operate our rewards and players club programs;
to notify you about promotions and special offers regarding our products and services or those provided by associated third parties;
to execute, analyze and enhance our marketing communications and strategies;
to improve the products and services we provide you and develop new products and services;
to track your use of the gaming devices and other amenities at our properties;
to track your use of our websites and mobile applications for our internal market research;
to ask for your participation in our surveys;
to generate aggregate statistical studies about our customers;
to contact you in response to your inquiries, comments and suggestions;
to protect and defend our rights or property or enforce our agreements with you;
to cash your checks, extend you credit, process credit card and/or other financial transactions;
to contact you when necessary; and
otherwise with your consent or as permitted or required by law.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION:
We use security measures to protect your personal information and to control access to it, including computer safeguards and monitoring, and secured files and buildings to control access. We use secure encryption to protect the transmission of the information you give us. Do not email us sensitive information such as a Social Security or account number. We permit only authorized employees and contractors, including but not limited to consultants, to have access to nonpublic personal information of our customers. Despite these efforts, please understand that no system is perfect or can guarantee that unauthorized access or theft of data might not occur.

DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION:
We will share your Personal and Non-Personal Information with affiliated persons and entities of Eldorado Resorts.

Additionally, we may share your Personal and Non-Personal Information with non-affiliated third parties in the following situations:

If you enroll in any of our responsible gaming exclusion programs;
For non-marketing purposes, such as processing and fulfilling reservations or purchases;
To the extent such disclosure is mandated to comply with a court order or with a subpoena, search warrant or other valid legal process;
To comply with requests of government or law enforcement entities or legal, regulatory or administrative requirements of other governmental authorities;
To protect and defend us, or our subsidiaries and affiliates, and all of their or our officers, directors, employees and agents in connection with any legal action, claim or dispute;
To satisfy any contractual obligation to indemnify our contractors, business partners or alliances, or other third parties in connection with any legal action, claim or dispute;
To enforce the terms of service or use of any of our websites, applications or services;
To prevent imminent physical harm or threats to public safety;
To third-party vendors that perform functions such as credit card transactions;
To prevent fraud;
To engage in debt collection;
To keep your credit card on file for future purchases, unless you tell us not to;
To ensure minors do not unlawfully enter our facilities;
Otherwise with consent or in our discretion if we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary or advisable;
In connection with an acquisition, merger, restructuring, sale, reorganization or other transfer involving any of our properties or all or any portion of our business;
As permitted by law, we may share the information we collect from and about you with non-affiliated third parties.
We may share certain limited information about you with other companies with whom we have joint marketing agreements or other businesses with whom we have a contractual relationship ("Marketing Partners"), who may contact you as part of a third-party promotional program or loyalty program. We require these providers to exercise reasonable care to protect your Personal Information and restrict the use of your Personal Information to the purposes for which it was provided to them.

VIDEO SURVEILLANCE
We are required to utilize surveillance systems to monitor all gaming areas and sensitive areas of our properties. Additionally, some public non-gaming areas of our casinos are monitored. Video surveillance cameras are required by law and are used for security purposes and to protect us, our customers and employees against potential violations of criminal or civil laws. Surveillance camera output is monitored by our employees and contractors and may be viewed by law enforcement and regulatory authorities.

WHAT ARE COOKIES AND HOW ARE THEY USED?
When you register with us your browser must be set to accept cookies. A cookie is a text file placed on your hard drive that identifies your computer so the site can remember information you have told us before or activities you have carried out on our site. The cookies can only contain data you told us about yourself. They cannot examine your computer or read data from it. Cookies cannot transmit a virus or do damage to your system. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. By clicking on the Help portion of your browser 's menu bar, you can learn how to reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.

PERSONALIZATION
We use cookies to provide special promotions to registered, signed-in members. In addition, room reservation forms are pre-filled with your contact information, making your reservation experience a more pleasant one.

TRACKING
Cookies are used to track individual users 'movement throughout the site anonymously as a means to gauge the popularity and success of individual promotions and offers. Cookies are also used to track revenue generated from room reservations and show ticket sales.

HOW CAN I DISABLE COOKIES?
All of the popular browsers allow some level of cookie verification or choice. Netscape 3.0 and MSIE 3.0 allow you only an "alert before accepting cookies."This way you can voluntarily choose not to visit a site or areas of a site that use cookies. Be aware, however, that some parts of the Eldorado Resort Casino website may not function correctly if you choose to refuse cookies.

AGE POLICY
We have no intention of collecting any personal information (including address, telephone number, or email address) from individuals under 21 years of age. If a child under the age of 18 has provided us with personal information, a parent or guardian of that child should contact us at the email address or phone number listed in the section titled Requesting Removal of Your Information. With the exception of our racing and pari-mutuel operation and cardroom at the Isle Casino Racing Pompano Park, Presque Isle Downs, and Eldorado Scioto Downs where the legal age is 18, as well as mobile applications, persons under the age of 21 are not allowed to gamble at our casinos, accept or redeem offers related to gaming, or participate or win contests unless otherwise noted.

SPECIAL PROVISIONS FOR FINANCIAL SERVICES CUSTOMERS
INFORMATION COLLECTED IN CONNECTION WITH FINANCIAL SERVICES:
If you are a customer who utilizes our credit or cash advance services, we may collect the following additional information from or about you:

Information we receive about you from others, including credit bureaus, relating to your credit history and financial transactions with others.
Information about your transactions with us, including your payment history and/or gaming activity with any casinos.
Other information necessary to effect, administer, or enforce the credit transaction.
If you cash a check with us, we may collect the following additional information from or about you:

Information we receive about you from others, including check verification services, relating to your financial transactions with others.
Information about yourself and the check necessary to complete the transaction, such as name, address, telephone number and forms of identity such as a driver’s license.
We limit disclosure of this information to our service providers as necessary to effect, administer, or enforce a transaction you request or authorize, or in connection with maintaining or servicing your account.

NON-U.S. RESIDENTS
Unless otherwise specified, our Site and material provided on our Site are solely for promoting products, programs, and business operations within the U.S. If you do not reside in the U.S. and are visiting this Site, if you provide Personal Information to us, it may be transferred to and processed on computers in the U.S. and other countries. Do not provide your Personal Information to us if you do not want this information to be transferred outside of your country, or if the laws in your country restrict these types of transfers. Instead, please contact us using the information provided in the section titled "Contact Us." Your provision of Personal Information to us will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your provision of Personal Information to us through this Site means that you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.

MOBILE APPLICATIONS
If you install or use one our mobile applications, we may collect and use technical data and related information, including but not limited to technical information about your mobile device, system and application software, and peripherals, that is gathered periodically to facilitate any upgrades, product support and other services to you (if any) related to the application, and to provide services or technologies to you.

You may install and download our applications without providing any personal information to us. However, in order to use certain features of our mobile applications we may need to collect your personal information. For example, in order to benefit from an application’s location-based features, such as receiving special offers for casinos or resorts close to your location, you must allow the application to transmit, collect, maintain, process and use your location data, including the real-time geographic location of your mobile phone (the "Location Data"). You may withdraw this consent at any time by turning off the location services settings on your mobile device. Disabling such features will not impact the non-location based functionality of the application. We may also offer the ability to sign up for certain products or services through a mobile application, in which case you will need to provide the personal information necessary to sign up for the applicable product or service Personal information collected through our applications will be maintained, used and disclosed in accordance with our Corporate Privacy Policy.

REQUESTING REMOVAL OF YOUR INFORMATION
At any time you may elect to be removed from our electronic or direct mailing lists by following the instructions for each type of communication as outlined below. You will be promptly removed from any further mailings.

POST MAIL LISTS
To update our records with your request for all direct mail to cease, please contact us using one of the following methods.

ONLINE: Simply fill out or online privacy management form and select which properties you do not wish to receive communications from.

TELEPHONE: Please call us at 800-648-4597, and ask for the Direct Marketing Department where our staff will remove you from our mailing list.

MAIL:
Please send your written request to:

Attention: Direct Marketing Department
Eldorado Resort Casino
P.O. Box 3399
Reno, NV 89505

EMAIL LISTS
If you would prefer not to receive email, simply click the "unsubscribe" link or button found on the bottom of all email communications. You may also unsubscribe from email, text messages and phone calls by i) visiting the player's club located at any of our casinos, ii) completing the online removal request form, iii) by calling your local Eldorado Resorts property or iv) sending us a request in writing.

EXTERNAL SITES AND LINKS
Third party Internet sites and services accessible through eldoradoresorts.com, have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of us. The company has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you 're online. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. While we strive to protect your personal information, the Eldorado Resort Casino cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.