PRIVACY POLICY
Effective as of 6/27/17

This Privacy Policy is intended to help you understand how ACME UNITED CORPORATION ("ACME UNITED CORPORATION," "we," or "us") and its subsidiaries and affiliates collect, use and safeguard the information you provide to us.  This Privacy Policy applies to information provided by you or collected by us when you visit www.acmeunited.com, www.westcottbrand.com, www.firstaidonly.com, www.claussco.com, www.camillusknives.com, www.cudabrand.com, www.dmtsharp.com, www.efirstaid.com (collectively this “Website”), and when you request information from us. By using or accessing this Website you are agreeing that we may use your information as stated in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to our use of your information according to this Privacy Policy, as well as to the Terms of Use that are posted on this Website, please refrain from using this Website.

We may revise our Privacy Policy at any time without notice by updating this posting, and your continued use of this Website after such revision signifies your acceptance of the revised terms. Any revision will be effective immediately upon posting.  Please check these terms of use periodically for changes.    

Information We Collect; Cookies and IP Tracking

You may generally browse this Website without providing any personal information to us.  However, there are cases in which we may ask you for your personal information. For example, we will occasionally conduct on-line surveys or solicit product suggestions or ideas to better understand the needs and/or demographic information of our Website visitors and customers. In addition, we may request personal information when you register to receive additional information about our products and services, sign up for email notifications and newsletters, register any products with us, sign up for an account on this Website or send us a question. Even if you choose not to give us the information we request, you can still visit most of this Website, but you may be unable to access or receive certain options, offers, functions, and services.  If you would like to provide us with any personal information that we previously requested, or wish to update or delete your personal information, you can do this by contacting us at our contact information provided below. 

Acme United uses web analytics to track visits to our websites. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our sites (including your IP address) will be collected and may be used with the purpose of evaluating your use of our sites, compiling reports on website activity for and providing other services relating to activity and internet use.

How We Use Your Personal Information

If you provide us with personal information, we will use it to respond to requests you make, to provide customer support and service, to register any account you sign up for on our Website, to complete orders placed on this Website, and for other purposes you authorize or request. By providing personal information to us, you may receive email notifications for our products and services, however we do not rent, sell or otherwise distribute to third parties, your personal information entered or collected on this Website.  You may opt-out of any email notifications in the manner set forth in our Terms of Use.

Any personal information provided by children, in accordance with our Polices for Children set forth in this Privacy Policy, may be used for internal marketing and promotional purposes only by ACME UNITED CORPORATION and its subsidiaries and affiliates. We do not rent, sell or otherwise distribute to third parties, your personal information entered or collected on this Website. While we use all reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your information, you agree that we will have no liability for disclosure of any information obtained due to errors in transmission or the unauthorized acts of third parties.

We may share statistical or aggregated non-personal information about our users with advertisers, business partners, sponsors and other third parties. This data is used to customize Website content and advertising to deliver a better experience to our users.

We may provide your information to others as required or permitted by law, including in response to law enforcement inquiries, legal process, in connection with a sale or merger of all or part of our business, or in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceeding. We reserve the right to disclose user information in special cases, when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary or appropriate to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other Website users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. We may disclose personal information without notice to you in response to a subpoena or when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or to respond to an emergency situation.

Protection of Personal Information

It is our policy to protect your personal information by doing the following:

(a)  Safeguarding any data, computer files and documents containing your personal information from any misuse by third parties;

(b)  Destroying, erasing or making unreadable any data, computer files and documents containing your personal information prior to their disposal;

(c)  Protecting the confidentiality of your personal information;

(d)  Prohibiting the unlawful disclosure of your personal information;

(e)  Restricting access to your personal information to any third parties except in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy; and

(f)  Limiting the access to your personal information only to our employees who need such access and only to extent that it is needed. 

In the event that there is ever a breach of security regarding your personal information, we intend to comply with applicable state and federal law requirements regarding the notification and disclosure to you and to the appropriate authorities of the circumstances surrounding the breach.

“Personal information” for this section is defined as any information that you may provide to us that can be used to identify you individually, including but not limited to your name, email address, home address, telephone or fax numbers, driver’s license number, state identification card number, bank account number, credit card or debit card number, passport number, alien registration number, as well as any account number that we assign to you.

Policies for Children  

Children under the age of 13 shall not be allowed to register for an account on our Website nor may they place any orders for products through our Website.  If we determine that any child under the age of 13 has placed an order for any product on our Website, we shall immediately cancel such order.  If we determine that any child under the age of 13 has registered for an account on our Website, we shall suspend or terminate such account unless and until we receive evidence satisfactory to us that the customer is at least 13 years old and that our policies for children between 13 and 18 years old have otherwise been complied with.  Children between the ages of 13 and 18 shall not be allowed to register for an account on our Website nor may they place any orders for products through our Website without the verifiable consent of a parent or guardian.  If we determine that any user of our Website is or may be between the ages of 13 and 18, we shall take all measures we deem necessary to verify that a parent or guardian has authorized and is willing to guarantee payment of any orders placed through this Website and/or has consented to the provision of this Privacy Policy as well as the Terms of Use of this Website with respect to the collection of any personal information from the child for the purpose of registering any account on this Website, both personally and on behalf of the child between 13 and 18 years old.  Such measures to verify consent shall include but are not limited to contacting any parents or guardians of any minor between 13 and 18 years old, by telephone, email or otherwise and requesting any information required by us to verify their identity, to receive their written authorization and guaranty of payment for the orders placed through this Website and to receive their written consent to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use on behalf of any child between 13 and 18 years old.  We have the right to cancel or suspend any order placed by a child between 13 and 18 years old for any product on our Website until we verify the consent of a parent or guardian.  We also have the right to restrict, suspend or terminate the account of a child between 13 and 18 years old until we verify the consent of a parent or guardian. 

We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13.  Subject to the requirements of this section, we may collect the email address or IP address of a child between 13 and 18 years old in order for that child to register an account on our Website. We do allow children to post craft ideas and projects to our public areas and we may not be able to determine the age of any users of our Website, both of which may result in the unintentional disclosure of personal information to the public. We do not use any personal information collected from any children for any purpose except for internal marketing and promotional purposes, and do not share the information we collect with any third parties.  We will take measures to remove any unintentionally disclosed personal information from our Website as soon as practicable.  Children under 13 years old shall not be allowed to enter any contests.  If a child between 13 and 18 years old enters a contest, we may also collect additional information, such as a home address, in order to deliver the prize.

We require parents and guardians to monitor and participate in their children's online activities on our Website.  A parent or guardian of each child must consent to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use both personally and on behalf of the child in order for the child to use and/or access this Website for any reason.  We may take any steps that we feel are necessary to verify that the consent of a parent or guardian has been received.  Any parent or guardian has the rights to review his or her child’s personal information, limit further collection or use of the child’s information, and require us to delete it by contacting us at the contact information provided below. In order for you to access or give directions to us concerning your child’s personal information, you must first establish that you are the parent or guardian of the subject child by providing a signed form sent to us via postal mail or facsimile providing your name, address, telephone number, and relationship to the child, sending us an email accompanied by a digital signature, or providing such other information that we may request.

We respect the rights of privacy for parents and children and are committed to complying with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA).

Privacy Policies of Third Parties Used to Process Orders

As disclosed in our Terms of Use, we use the services of a third party to process and fulfill orders placed on our Website.  Additional third party payment processors may also be retained in connection with the processing of your orders.  With respect to any of these third parties, it is our expectation that they have their own privacy policies in place and will comply with such policies. We will refuse to do business with any such companies that do not have privacy policies or that knowingly fail to comply with their own privacy policies.  However, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information once you transfer it to these third parties. You should contact these third parties directly if you wish to inquire further about the privacy policies they have in place. 

Privacy Policy Does Not Apply to any Other Websites

This Privacy Policy applies to this Website only and does not apply to any other website you visit, including those you access through the links on our Website to 3rd party websites. We are not responsible for the protection of your personal information when you visit any other websites besides this website. For this reason, please be careful and responsible whenever you are using any other websites you access through links on this Website and be sure to review the privacy policies of these other websites. We cannot warrant the security of any personal information that you submit to any outside person or entity or to any other website besides this Website. Any personal information that is submitted by you to any outside person or entity or to any other website is done at your own risk.

Contact Information

This Website is owned and operated by ACME UNITED CORPORATION, a Connecticut corporation. Questions about this Privacy Policy should be directed to: Privacy Policy Administrator c/o ACME UNITED CORPORATION, 55 Walls Drive, Suite 201, Fairfield, CT 06824 or by email to customerservice@acmeunited.com. For all other inquiries, refer to the Contact and/or Support sections of our Website.