Privacy Policy
PRIVACY NOTICE

This Privacy Notice describes the privacy practices that apply to MTS Systems Corporation and its affiliates, subsidiaries, and divisions, including PCB Piezotronics, Inc.; MTS Sensors; The Modal Shop, Inc.; Accumetrics, Inc.; and Larson Davis (collectively, “MTS”).  Please note that MTS’s websites may contain links to third-party websites.  The privacy practices of those websites are controlled by third parties, not MTS.  Please review their privacy policies carefully.

Why does MTS process your Personal Data?

MTS may use the Personal Data we collect to process orders, respond to queries, determine buying trends, provide a more personalized experience on our website, and for any other permissible use under applicable law, as discussed below.

What types of Personal Data does MTS collect?

“Personal Data” is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, identification number, location data, online identifier, or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural, or social identity of that natural person.

MTS processes the following categories of Personal Data:

· Identification data such as name and contact information;

· Professional data such as company information, number of employees and other business related information;

· Page view information, navigation information, log information; and

· Information about your IP address and browser.

How MTS processes Personal Data you actively provide to us:

Programs, Polls and Surveys: When a user registers for certain MTS programs and services, including to receive a newsletter, the user may be asked to provide Personal Data including name and contact information, company, or demographic information (e.g., geographic location, industry, number of employees and other business related information). Also, MTS may offer surveys in which users are asked to indicate their opinions or preferences. MTS processes the data you provide in order to deliver information, services, and/or products you request.

Marketing: Subject to consent as may be required by applicable law, MTS also uses data collected on our websites for the purpose of providing users with marketing information via mail or email. Users may opt-out of receiving messages at any time by clicking an “unsubscribe” link contained in any promotional or other emails that we send to users. Opt-out requests will be processed within 10 business days or such longer time as may be reasonable under the circumstances.

Customer and Technical Support: MTS uses email as an avenue through which to provide customer service and technical support.  We may contact the customer using Personal Data in an attempt to resolve an issue. We may also use Personal Data to proactively notify customers of technical issues which may affect them.

Transactions: MTS processes Personal Data, including contact and billing information collected from individuals who wish to conduct a transaction. Information collected for transactions may include a payment card number and security code, although MTS does not store such data. MTS uses this Personal Data information to check purchasers’ qualifications and verify their identity, as well as for billing and shipping purposes, to provide the services and/or products the purchasers have requested

Protection: MTS processes Personal Data to protect MTS’s rights and pursue available remedies, enforce MTS’s terms and conditions, prevent or investigate fraud, protect MTS’s operations and users, and for any other reasons MTS deems necessary to protect its business interests as is allowed by applicable law.  MTS performs this processing to pursue its legitimate interests in business continuity.

MTS also collects other data when you use its websites, in order to pursue our legitimate interests in business continuity and provide adequate services to website users:

MTS uses page view and navigation information to ensure that users can find information on our websites as quickly as possible. Also, MTS analyzes user traffic patterns throughout our websites.

MTS does not attempt to identify individual visitors to our websites through such analysis, but do collect data on general types of users based on domain name or browser type. This information is obtained directly from the user's web browser identification information, using cookies and similar types of passive tracking mechanisms.

MTS does not combine other data with Personal Data to identify individuals. 
With which third parties do we share Personal Data?

MTS may rely on third party service providers in order to provide you with the products and/or services you request as well as to provide security and related operational support. Subject to applicable law, MTS may communicate your Personal Data to public authorities or courts where it is requested to do so or if such communications are required to protect and/or enforce MTS’s rights. MTS also may disclose your Personal Data in connection with a prospective or actual sale, merger, transfer or other reorganization of all or parts of its business.  MTS may also share your Personal Data with third party partners in connection with co-sponsored events and promotions, and as otherwise permitted by applicable laws.

How long does MTS keep your Personal Data?

MTS may retain your Personal Data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice, to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our contracts.
Children

MTS does not knowingly or intentionally collect Personal Data from children under the age of 16, or such other age as specified by local law. If you are under the age of 16, you should not submit any Personal Data or other personal information to MTS.

Site Security

MTS uses a variety of security measures, including encryption technology, to minimize the risk of the loss, misuse, or alteration of information provided to MTS. While MTS has measures in place to safeguard the Personal Data it processes, no security system is perfect, and MTS cannot guarantee the security of any information you provide.

About Your Rights

You have the right to access your Personal Data. You can request that your Personal Data be rectified or deleted. You are also entitled to object to the processing of your Personal Data or to request restriction thereof. In addition, you have the right to request to receive your Personal Data in a structured and standard format.

If you have any requests or complaints regarding the collection or processing of MTS Systems Corporation Personal Data, please contact privacy@mts.com.  You can also contact our Data Protection Officer, “DPO” by sending an email to DPO@mts.com.  You also have the right to report a complaint with your local data protection authority.

When MTS receives a request from a data subject concerning the processing of their Personal Data, the DPO and Office of Risk and Compliance will evaluate whether MTS is required to grant the data subject’s request and take any action as may be appropriate and in compliance with applicable law.

COOKIE STATEMENT

How does MTS use “Cookies”? 

MTS uses cookies on our websites, applications, and online services.  You have a number of choices regarding the use of cookies. 

Definition of Cookies

Cookies are small pieces of text used to store information on web browsers.  Cookies are widely used to store and receive identifiers and other information on computers, phones, and other devices.  We also use other technologies, including data we store on your web browser or device, identifiers associated with your device, and other software, including web beacons and pixel tags, for similar purposes.  In this Cookie Statement, we refer to all of these technologies as “cookies.”

Types of Cookies

MTS uses cookies to provide, protect, and improve our products and services, such as by personalizing content, offering and measuring advertisements, understanding user behavior, and providing a safer experience.  We describe below the various types of cookies we use and the purposes they perform.  Please note that the specific cookies we may use vary depending on the specific websites and services you use.

Essential cookies:  These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with our websites and services and to enable essential features, such as providing shopping cart or product application functionality.  If you disable these cookies, we will not be able to fulfill your requests. 


Performance and functionality cookies:  These cookies collect information about how you use our websites and services and allow us to remember the choices you make while browsing.  The information these cookies collect allows us to optimize our websites and make them easier for you to use, and it does not personally identify you.  If you disable or opt out of these cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of our websites, applications, and services, and it may reduce the support or information that we can provide you.

Analytics and customization cookies:  These cookies collect information we use in aggregate form to help us understand how our websites, applications and services are being used and how effective our marketing campaigns are, and to help us customize our websites.  If you disable or opt out of these cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of our websites, applications and services, and it may reduce the support or information that we can provide you.

Advertising cookies:  These cookies collect information about your browsing or shopping history and are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you.  They perform functions like preventing the same advertisement from continuously reappearing, ensuring that advertisements are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.  We may share this information with third parties to help create and deliver advertising personalized to you and your interests.  If you disable or opt out of these cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of our websites, applications and services, and it may reduce the support or information that we can provide you.

Social networking cookies:  These cookies are used to enable you to share pages and content on our websites and services through third-party social networking and other websites.  These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes.  If you disable or opt out of these cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of our websites, applications and services, and it may reduce the support or information that we can provide you.
Cookies Placed by Third Parties

You may also encounter cookies on our websites, applications and services that are placed by third parties.  For example, when you buy our products online, our e-commerce vendor may use cookies and other technologies.  We may also allow third parties to place cookies on our websites to track information about your online activities and/or across third-party sites or online services, including to send you targeted advertisements based on that information, which may include the remarketing of our products and services that you have viewed on our websites and on third-party websites.  These cookies collect anonymized information we use in aggregate form.  These cookies are not used to identify you individually or to identify your individual information.

This Privacy Notice does not apply to the cookies, applications, technologies, or websites that are owned and/or operated by third parties, or such third parties’ practices, even if they use or access our technology to store or collect information.  To understand how third parties use cookies, please review their privacy and cookie policies.

Controlling and Opting Out of Cookies

Your browser or device may offer settings that allow you to choose whether browser cookies are set and to delete them.  For more information about these controls and to exercise your cookie preferences, visit your browser or device’s help material.  If you choose to reject cookies, as noted above, you may not be able to use certain features of our websites and services.

Do Not Track

Some browsers include the ability to transmit “Do Not Track” signals.  We do not process or respond to “Do Not Track” signals.  Instead, we adhere to the standards described in this Privacy Notice.

Changes to this Privacy Notice

If material changes are made to this Privacy Notice, a link on the home pages of our websites will be posted regarding our “Newly Revised Privacy Notice,” or we will provide a comparable notification of the changes. You should check the MTS website periodically to see if any changes to this Privacy Notice have been made. You also can determine if this Privacy Notice has changed recently by reviewing the effective date posted at the beginning of the notice.