Privacy Policy

This website is owned by Tennant Company whose address is 701 North Lilac Drive, P.O. Box 1452, Minneapolis, MN 55440, United States ("Tennant") and operated for and on behalf of itself and all of its worldwide subsidiaries (the "Tennant Group"). A list of the companies forming the Tennant Group is available on request by writing to us at the address below.

This Privacy Notice relating to our website and apps (collectively the “website”) describes our practices regarding collection and use of personal data. We recommend checking this page frequently to review any updates.

The terms "we," "us," "our," and "ours" when used in this Privacy Notice means Tennant, or any member of the Tennant Group.

The terms "you," "your," and "yours" when used in this Privacy Notice mean any user of our website, any person contacting us, or any customer of ours.

 

Introduction to Privacy Notice
We are committed to the privacy and confidentiality of information provided by you to us. This Privacy Notice describes our current policies and practices with regard to your information collected by us from you directly and/or through the website.

Please note that by submitting your information manually or in electronic form to us and/or by using our website you give your consent that all Personal Data on each occasion that you submit may be processed by and/or shared within the Tennant Group in the manner and for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice.

Whenever we refer to “personal data”, that part is intended for European Economic Area (EEA) residents only. “Personal data” is information about you (a “data subject”) the use of which is governed by applicable data protection laws. It will include any information from which you can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as your name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or other information about your identity. Most of “your information” will constitute personal data.

 

Notification of Changes to This Notice
We are continually improving our methods of communication and adding new functionality and features to this website and to our existing services. Because of these ongoing changes, changes in the law and the changing nature of technology, our data practices will change from time to time. If and when our data practices change, we will notify you of the changes via this page. We encourage you to check this Privacy Notice frequently.

 

1. Collection of your information
You may provide us with your information in order to receive information, products, or services from us. We may request information about you and we may ask for information which enables us to provide a personalized service to you. The information you give us is either manually or electronically stored in our databases.

We sometimes supplement the information that you provide with information that we receive from third parties. For instance, if inaccurate zip/postal codes are received we may use third party software to correct them.

To comply with applicable laws and regulations, we may need to request additional evidence of identity from you, and we may use a credit reference agency for this purpose (who will record that an inquiry has been made).

We also reserve the right to monitor and/or record your communication with us by mail, voice, email, visits to our website or any other form of transmission for the purposes of quality control, security and other business needs, as permitted by law. Any information about you contained in such recorded information will be processed in accordance with this Privacy Notice.

We may also receive your information from other members of the Tennant Group, our service providers, agents, advisers, authorized distributors, or business partners.

 

2. Use of Personal Data
We process your information, and share your information with other members of the Tennant Group, or others, only for specific and limited purposes. We ask only for data that is adequate, relevant, and not excessive for those purposes. Some of these purposes may include to:

Provide the products or services you have requested or may be interested in;
Send you records regarding our relationship or your transactions;
Process your inquiries;
Notify you about new features, products, services and special events;
Provide you with marketing communications about our products and services as well as third party products and services we think may be of interest to you;
Administer sweepstakes and contests;
Personalize and deliver content on our website and advertising;
Test changes and develop new features, products, and services;
Generate and review data and reports describing our user base and usage patterns;
Analyse the accuracy, effectiveness, usability, or popularity of our website and perform research;
Verify your identify, deter and prevent fraud, and enforce the legal terms that govern your purchase of good and services from us and use of our website;
Resolve disputes and troubleshoot our website;
Administer our business including accounting purposes;
Process your job applications to us;
Where applicable, the legal basis for our processing of your personal data for the purposes described above will typically include:

Processing necessary to fulfil a contract that we have in place with you;
Processing necessary for our or a third party’s legitimate interests, which is carried out on the basis of our legitimate interests to ensure that our website, services and content are competitive and provided efficiently, without delays and in a user-friendly and personalized manner taking into account user feedback, data and profiles, to ensure the security of our business and information of our users, and to ensure the proper and efficient administration of our business, unless consent is required for any such processing under applicable law;
Your consent, where such consent is required under applicable law;
Processing necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, for example, in response to a request from a court, regulatory body or law enforcement; and
Other applicable legal grounds for processing from time to time.
 

3. Cookies and similar technologies
We use "cookies" on our website. Cookies by themselves cannot be used to discover the identity of the user. A cookie is a small piece of information which is sent to your browser and stored in your browser or on your computer's hard drive. Cookies do not damage your computer. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. This enables you to decide if you want to accept it or not. For more information about our practices regarding the use of cookies on this website, please review our Cookies Policy.

Our website may rely on the following types of cookies:

Strictly necessary cookies - These cookies are essential to enable the user to navigate around the website securely and to provide the user with services they have specifically requested.
Functionality cookies - These cookies enhance the functionality of the website by storing user preferences. For instance, they can remember your name and location, if you provide this information and the types of content you are interested in.
Performance cookies - These cookies improve the performance of the platforms. For instance, they help pages load quicker.
In this regard, we may from time to time use technologies using cookies to collect information about your use of our website. For example, we may use technology to track which pages of our website our visitors view. We also use technology to determine which web browsers our visitors use. This technology does not identify you personally; it simply enables us to compile aggregate statistics about our visitors, and their use of our website. We use this type of data to improve the content and functionality of our website and our email updates, to better understand our customers and visitors, and to improve the services we offer.

We may use third-party web analytics services on our website such as those of Google Analytics and Adobe Analytics. These services use cookie-related technologies to help us analyse how users use our website, including by noting the third-party website from which you arrive. The information collected will be disclosed to or collected directly by these service providers, who use the information to evaluate your use of our website. To prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser, and you may use Adobe’s Opt-Out.

We also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. An IP address is a numeric code that identifies your computer or mobile device on a network, or in this case, the Internet. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information, such as determining how many of our visitors are from outside of the U.S.

We may also perform IP lookups to determine which domain you are coming from (for example, gmail.com or yourcompany.com) to more accurately gauge our users’ demographics.

Targeting/advertising – These cookies help us serving of relevant advertisements and implement frequency capping procedures.
Third parties whose products or services are accessible or marketed via our website may also place cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer or device to collect information about your use of our website, in order to (i) inform, optimize, and serve advertising content based on past visits to our website and other sites and (ii) report how our advertising content impressions, other uses of advertising services, and interactions with these advertising impressions and services are related to visits to our website.

We also may allow third parties (e.g., ad networks and ad servers such as Google AdWords) to serve tailored advertising to you after your visit to our website, and to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer or other device you use to access our website. We neither have access to, nor does this Privacy Notice govern, the use of cookies or other tracking technologies that may be placed by such third parties. To opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising or customize Google Display Network ads, you can visit the Google Ads Settings page.

 

4. Disclosure of Your Personal Data
We only share your information with third parties under these limited circumstances:

We may share various details about you with other members of the Tennant Group, our partners, authorized distributors, advisers and other agents in order to administer our business, provide you with the specific products or services you require or to look after products or services you currently receive from us;
Your information may occasionally be transferred to third parties who act for us for further processing in accordance with the purposes for which the information was originally collected or for purposes to which you have consented or otherwise in accordance with this notice. For example, sometimes a third party may have access to your information in order to support our information technology or to handle mailings on our behalf;
We may share or transfer the information in our databases to comply with a legal or regulatory requirement, for the administration of justice, interacting with anti-fraud databases and denied parties' lists, to protect your vital interests, to protect the security or integrity of our databases or our website, to take precautions against legal liability; or
If we sell or buy any business or assets, dissolution or similar event, in which case we may disclose your information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
Where appropriate, before disclosing your information Data to a third party we contractually require the third party to take adequate precautions to protect that data and to comply with applicable law.

 

5. Data Integrity and Security
We strive to maintain the reliability, accuracy, completeness, and currency of your information in our databases and to protect the privacy and security of our databases. The security measures in place on our website and computer systems aim to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information you provide to us. Unfortunately, we cannot always guarantee complete security. Unauthorised entry or use, hardware or software failures, events outside our control and other factors, may compromise the security of your information. Nevertheless, we will comply with our obligation to implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security of personal data appropriate to safeguard against the risks of a personal data breach.

 

6. Retention of Data
We keep your personal data only for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, to comply with any applicable legal or regulatory requirements, or our data retention policy. We may keep an anonymised form of your personal data, which will no longer refer to you, for statistical purposes without time limits, to the extent that we have a legitimate and lawful reason to do so. If you are located in the European Economic Area or in the UK, you may contact us about further detail about our data retention periods in relation to your personal data.

 

7. Data Access
Upon receipt of your written request and enough information to permit us to identify your information, we will (subject to applicable law) disclose to you the information we hold about you, for which we may charge a reasonable fee (where applicable laws permit).

Requests to delete your information are subject to any applicable legal and regulatory requirements or document retention obligations and any of our contracts which are still in force.

If you wish to make a subject access request relating to personal data held about you by the Tennant Group, please write to:

Tennant Company
701 North Lilac Dr.
P.O. Box 1452
Minneapolis, MN 55440
USA
Attn: Legal Department – Data Protection Manager

We encourage you to ensure that your personal data is accurate and kept up to date so please regularly update any information you have given to us by sending an email to privacy@tennantco.com, or by writing to us. We will correct, amend, or delete any personal data that you notify us is inaccurate and notify any third party recipients of necessary changes.

Data subjects may ask us to correct their personal data, erase it or to transfer it to other organisations at their request. Data subjects also have rights to object to some processing including profiling and, where we have asked for their consent to process the data subject’s data, to withdraw this consent. In particular, data subjects have the right to object to direct marketing at any time. Where a data subject withdraws their consent, this will not affect the legitimacy of the processing conducted prior to your request. Where we process data because we have a legitimate interest in doing so (as explained above), the data subject has a right to object to this. Where we make a decision based solely on automated processing which significantly affects the data subject, he or she may have the right to contest the decision, express his or her point of view and obtain human intervention.

Please use the contact information set out above. We will aim to acknowledge your inquiries within 72 hours and respond within one month, unless otherwise required by law. These rights may be limited in some situations, for example, where we can demonstrate that we have a compelling ground or a legal obligation to process your data.

We hope that we can satisfy queries you may have about the way we process your data. However, if you have unresolved concerns you also have the right to complain to the relevant data protection authority.

 

8. Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain hyperlinks to websites that are not operated by us. Any such hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the activities of these third-party websites or any association with their operators. We do not control these websites and are not responsible for their data or privacy practices. We urge you to review any privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using the site or providing any information about yourself.

 

9. International Transfer of Data
If you are visiting our website from a country other than the country in which our servers are located (currently the U.S.), the various communications will necessarily result in the transfer of information across international boundaries.

We may transfer data between members of the Tennant Group, and our offices and third party processors to a country which may not provide the same level of privacy protection as that provided by the country in which the information was collected. Where your personal data is transferred outside the EEA or UK we will take reasonable steps to put in place appropriate technical, organisational, contractual and other lawful means to adequately protect your personal data. If you are located in the EEA or in the UK, you may contact us for a copy of the safeguards which we have put in place to protect your personal data in these circumstances.

 

10. Opt-out
If you no longer wish to receive information from us and want to be removed from our standard mailing list you can "unsubscribe" by following the instructions in the email received from us or by mail by writing to us at the address given below. Please allow up to twenty eight days for the unsubscribe process to be completed.

Remember that by stopping the information that you receive from us about our products and services may not benefit you.

 

11. Children
Our website and services are not intended for children. If you are under 16, please ask your parent or guardian before using our website or services.

 

12. Governing Law
This Privacy Notice forms part of our website and as such shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Minnesota. You agree to submit any dispute arising out of your use of this website to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Minnesota.

 

13. Feedback
We welcome comments about this notice. If you have any questions about this notice, or any part of our service you may contact us by emailing Tennant at privacy@tennantco.com or by writing to us at the address found below:

Tennant Company
701 North Lilac Dr.
P.O. Box 1452
Minneapolis, MN 55440
USA
Attn: Legal Department – Data Protection Manager