Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy

Tecumseh Products Company LLC respects the privacy of its website visitors.

Tecumseh Products Company LLC - Privacy Policy
Last Updated: May, 2018

Tecumseh Products Company LLC (“Tecumseh”) respects the privacy of our website visitors.
We believe that it is important for all visitors to understand the personal information that we may collect about you and how it is used.

Tecumseh acts as the “controller” of your personal data and determines the purpose and means of processing your personal data. The privacy notice explains those purposes and means to you, as well as the choices you have over the collection and use of your data. We may change this privacy policy from time to time. We will post any revised versions of this privacy policy to the website.

Collection of Your Personal Data

Tecumseh collects information you choose to share with us, as well as information sent to us by your browser, including through the use of cookies. We only collect and use your personal data with your consent. You have the right to change, withdraw, or withhold your consent.

• Information You Provide

Tecumseh will not collect any personal data directly from you (for example, your name, birthday, address, telephone numbers, e-mail address, occupation or the like) unless you provide it to us voluntarily through a request for information that you initiate. We collect this information to provide you with the services you request.

• Information Provided By Your Browser

Tecumseh does collect information from your browser. When you access Tecumseh’s website, we collect your IP address, which is considered personal data in some jurisdictions. We also collect aggregate, anonymous data from your browser, including your browser type, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, site visitation data, number of clicks, date/time stamp, and other similar information. This information cannot be used to identify you or your individual activities on our website and is not personal data. Such information includes. We collect this information for the purpose of personalizing your experience on our website by orienting the web content to your locale and needs or to better manage the website and improving the user experience of our website. Before collecting this information, we will ask for your consent.


• Information Provided by Cookies

When you visit our website, we collect non-personal information about your use of the website through the use of cookies. “Cookies” are small files placed on your computer by your browser and are often used to make websites work, as well as provide information to the website operator. We place cookies on all website visitor hard drives to collect information on the number of visitors to our site and the number of pages
viewed. Cookies information is used to analyze website visits so that we may personalize your web content, providing information relevant to you. It is also used for website and system administration, including research and development, user analysis and business decision-making.

We use different kinds of cookies to collect this information:

o Session Cookies: These are temporary cookies that are deleted when you close your web browser. These cookies enable us to provide certain web controls and website features, such as site and product search. We also use these cookies to track your IP address to map your geographic location and preferred language.

o Permanent Cookies: These are cookies that are placed on your computer and allow Tecumseh to remember you and your preferences when you return to our website. We use these cookies to track your IP address and remember your geographic location and preferred language so you do not have to provide this information on each return visit.

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your browser. If you choose not to have your browser accept cookies from the Tecumseh website, you will not experience a personalized visit nor will you be able to subscribe to the services offered on the site. To learn more about the information collected by cookies on our website, click here.

Use of Your Personal Data

How Tecumseh uses your information will depend on the services you are using and the permissions you have given us. Where you have consented to the use of your data, we will use your information to provide requested services, and you have the ability to withdraw you consent at any time. We also your personal data to help us improve the design, functionality, and content of our website.

• Services You Request: When you contact us, we will collect use your personal information to send you the information that you have requested. If you initiated an e- mail to one of our distributors or wholesalers through the Tecumseh website, we will provide you with a pop-up to launch your e-mail client. However, Tecumseh does not collect your e-mail address or the content of your communication with our wholesaler or distributor. When you initiate such communications, you choose to disclose your e-mail address, and any other information you choose to share, with our distributors and wholesalers.

• Enhance User Experiences: Tecumseh uses the information provided by your browser and cookies to personalize your experience on our website. We also use this information to help us improve the website by monitoring trends and statistics regarding the use of our website.

Disclosure of Your Personal Data

We share your personal data with your consent or when it is necessary to provide a service or complete a transaction you requested. We also share your data with service vendors we have engaged to support our website, such as website hosting, analytics, and management services and IP matching services.

We share your aggregate, anonymous data with Google Analytics to understand usage patterns on our website and improve the user experience. As this data is anonymous, it cannot be traced back to you or your individual usage of our website. When you visit our site, we also use a third-party to match your IP address to the country from which you are accessing our website. We use this information to tailor our content, including language selections, to the country from where you visit our site. You consent to the use of your IP address for IP matching purposes when you first visit our website, and you change or withdraw your consent at any time.

Tecumseh may release your personal data when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the legal requirements or law enforcement requests, to enforce our site policies, or to protect our rights, property or safety, and/or the rights, property, or safety of others.

We reserve the right to transfer your personal data in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or its assets. In such event, your personal data will continue to be protected by this privacy notice.

Choices and Rights to Your Personal Data

You have the ability to refuse or withdraw your consent to our data processing activities at any time. You also have rights to your personal data. Upon your request, we will provide you with a description of the information that we maintain about you. We will accommodate all reasonable requests to correct, amend, or delete information that is inaccurate, as well as all reasonable objections, limitations, or restrictions on the use of all or some of your personal data. Please contact us using the Privacy Officer contact information provided below:

Tecumseh Products Company LLC
5683 Hines Drive
Ann Arbor, Michigan 48108
USA
Attention: Privacy Officer

Fax: + 734.352.3800
Email: tecumsehmarketing@tecumseh.com

Cross-Border Data Transfers

We process data both inside and outside the United States. As part of this processing, your personal data may be transferred to a country outside the European Union and European Economic Area. It is important to note that the data protection laws in the United States may be different, and potentially not as protective, as the laws in your country.


Security of Your Personal Data

Tecumseh takes reasonable steps, using industry-standard security technology, to protect your personal data. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration or destruction.


Integrity of Your Personal Data

Tecumseh processes your personal data in a way that is compatible with and relevant for the purpose for which it was collected. We take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is accurate, complete, current and reliable for its intended use.


Protection of Children’s Personal Data

The website is a general audience site and Tecumseh does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children.


Contacting Us
We welcome your questions or comments regarding this privacy policy. Please contact our Privacy Officer by mail, email or fax using the contact information below. Please refer to “Tecumseh Privacy” in the subject line of your communication.


Tecumseh Products Company LLC
5683 Hines Drive
Ann Arbor, Michigan 48108
USA
Attention: Privacy Officer
Fax: + 734.352.3800
Email: tecumsehmarketing@tecumseh.com