PRIVACY POLICY
LAM RESEARCH
INTERNET PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to Lam Research Corporation. This statement discloses the information practices for Lam’s websites, including what type of information is gathered and tracked, how the information is used, and with whom the information is shared.
 
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
Lam Research collects information from users at several points and in several ways on our website. Lam Research is the sole owner of the information collected on this site and is intended to be the only user of such collected information. We do not intend to sell, share, or rent this information to others, except as may be required by law or deemed in the best interests of Lam Research.
 
PERSONAL INFORMATION
In general, you can visit Lam Research on the World Wide Web without telling us who you are and without revealing any information about yourself. There are times, however, when features on the website may request information from you. You may choose to give your personal information, such as your name and address or email ID that may be needed, for example, to correspond with you, submit an application for employment or to provide you with information. One purpose of this Privacy Policy is to let you know how we may use such information.
 
APPLICANTS FOR EMPLOYMENT
In order for job applicants to use our online employment application service, certain information, including but not limited to name, address, contact numbers and work history, is required for the application to be fully considered. This information is used primarily for the purposes of determining the applicant’s suitability for employment with Lam Research, but the Company reserves the right to use the information for other purposes consistent with this policy.
 
INVESTOR INFORMATION
Individuals or companies interested in receiving information concerning investing with Lam Research are asked to furnish name and address information. This information is received and retained by a third-party contractor and is used for the purposes of mailing a prospective investor packet to the requesting party. The information is retained by Lam Research and the third-party contractor for administrative record-keeping purposes.
 
INFORMATION SECURITY AND QUALITY
We endeavor to protect the integrity of your personally identifiable information and to respond in a timely manner to requests to correct inaccuracies in personal information. To correct inaccuracies in your personal information, please return the message containing the inaccuracies to the intended recipient at Lam Research with details of the correction requested. Please be advised that information transmitted via the Internet may be subject to interception by third parties beyond Lam’s control. As a result, sensitive personal information should not be disclosed over the Internet.
 
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA TO THIRD PARTIES
Lam Research may provide third parties with personal data received or processed on its systems for generally accepted business purposes, such as court orders, subpoenas, employment verification, governmental licensing, underwriting, and other reasons. Lam Research does not intend to disclose personal data for any profit-related purposes, such as selling or licensing users’ personal data.
 
USE OF COOKIES
Some parts of Lam’s website use cookies to track user traffic patterns. We do this in order to determine the usefulness of Lam’s information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information. If you prefer not to receive cookies on Lam’s website, you may be able to set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use any area of Lam’s website.
 
LOG FILES
We use internet protocol (IP) addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
 
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY OR LAM’S WEBSITE
If we change our privacy policy, we will post the changes on our website as notice of the change. Any change becomes effective upon posting, without further notice. Lam Research reserves the right to change or modify its privacy policy or any other terms of use at any time without notice. Any questions or comments concerning our website should be directed to Webmaster.