PRIVACY POLICY top

Last Revised: June 13 ,2018

Lawson Products Inc. ("Lawson Products") knows that you care how information about you is used and shared and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our Privacy Policy. This policy covers information collected on our website, www.lawsonproducts.com, and any related mobile websites and applications (collectively, the "Site") and information collected at our email address (info@lawsonproducts.com) or our toll-free customer service telephone number (866.837.9908) or by our sales representatives (collectively, "Customer Service"). By visiting the Site or communicating with Customer Service, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

Types of Information We Collect

Information You Manually Provide: Lawson Products collects information—including Personal Information—that you knowingly and manually provide when you use our Site or Customer Service. For example:

If you use a "contact us" form to ask us a question, we will collect whatever Personal Information you submit with or include in your question.
If you order products through our Site or Customer Service, we will ask you to provide the information we need to process and ship your order, such as your email address, billing and shipping address and perhaps your credit card information.
The type of Personal Information we collect varies depending upon how you contact us and how you use our Site and Customer Service.

Information Sent to Us by Your Web Browser. We collect information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser. This information typically includes your IP address, the identity of your Internet service provider, the name and version of your operating system, the name and version of your browser, the date and time of your visit, and the pages on our Site that you visit. Please check your browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings.

Your IP address is the identifier assigned to your particular computer when you access the Internet. IP addresses do not include your name, email address or other Personal Information, but in some cases, they can be used to identify you. For example, if you have registered with our Site, we may link your IP address to account information that identifies you personally. We may also use IP addresses in connection with other information gathered elsewhere in an attempt learn the identities or general geographic locations of people who visit our Site.

If we suspect inappropriate or criminal activity or a threat to our Site or its users, we may share our server logs—which contain users' IP addresses—with the appropriate investigative authorities, who could use that information to trace and identify individuals.

Cookies and Similar Technologies. Most websites use cookies and/or similar technologies to place information about a user's visit to that website in a small data text file that is stored on the user's computer. In general, we use cookies and other web technologies to:

collect information about the ways visitors use our Site—which pages they visit, which links they use, and how long they stay on each page;
support the features and functionality of our Site—for example, to save you the trouble of reentering information already in our database or to prompt the settings you established on previous visits; and
personalize your experience when you use our Site, including by serving targeted advertisements.
Generally, the information we collect using these web technologies does not identify you personally. If, however, you have created a user account, we may link the information we collect using these web technologies to other information that identifies you personally. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may be able to set the browser of your computer to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is delivered. You may also be able to delete our cookies as soon as you leave our Site. Although you are not required to accept our cookies when you visit our Site, if you set your browser to reject cookies, you may not be able to use all of the features and functionality of our Site.

Information from your mobile device. If you access our Site through your mobile device, we may automatically collect certain information from or about your mobile device. The types of information we may collect include the type of device you use, your device's unique ID, the IP address of your device, your device's operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use our mobile website. If you have questions about the security and privacy settings of your mobile device, please refer to instructions from your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device.

Information Collected by Third-Party Cookies

In addition to the cookies Lawson Products delivers to your computer through our Site, certain third parties may deliver cookies to you for a variety of reasons. You have choices about the collection of information by third parties on our Site. For example, if you would like to opt-out of having interest-based information collected by certain entities during your visits to our Site or other websites, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.

How We Use Information Collected Through Our Site Or Customer Service:

Generally, we use the information we collect to:

provide the information, products and services you request;
provide you with effective customer service;
provide you with a personalized experience when you use our Site;
contact you with information and notices related to your use of our Site;
contact you with special offers and other information we believe will be of interest to you (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);
invite you to participate in surveys and provide feedback to us (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);
improve the content, functionality and usability of our Site;
better understand your needs and interests;
improve our products and services;
improve our marketing and promotional efforts;
identify a robot;
provide security, credit or fraud prevention; and
effect any other purpose identified in an applicable privacy notice or other agreement between you and us.
Please see below for information about the choices you have about the ways we use your Personal Information.

Use of Aggregated Information

We may use information gathered through our Site and Customer Service to create a compiled, aggregate view of our visitors and their usage patterns. We use aggregated information to operate our services and to better understand our visitors as we develop new products and services. We may also share aggregated information with our third-party service providers as well as with other third parties so they can better understand the market we serve. Aggregate information is not personally identifiable.

Access to, Updating or Deletion of Collected Information

Upon request, Lawson Products will provide individuals the ability to correct, update, or remove their personal information collected by us. Customers are responsible for keeping their contact information current and accurate and may do so by checking and, if necessary, modifying their profile.

To request that we correct, update, or remove personal information from our Site or our email system:

Email us: info@lawsonproducts.com
Toll-free Customer Service: 866.837.9908 (Mon-Fri: 7:00AM — 5:00PM CT )
Unsubscribing from E-Mail Marketing

Recipients of our email marketing messages can unsubscribe from receiving promotional email using the unsubscribe instructions located at the bottom of the email message or by sending a request with "unsubscribe" in the subject line to info@lawsonproducts.com. You can also contact us at our Toll-Free Customer Service: 866.837.9908 (Mon-Fri: 7:00AM — 5:00PM CT).

Steps We Take to Safeguard your Personal Information

We maintain reasonable administrative, physical and technological measures to protect the confidentiality and security of Personal Information you submit on or through our Site or through Customer Service. Unfortunately, no website, server, or database is completely secure or "hacker proof." We therefore cannot guarantee that your Personal Information will not be disclosed, misused or lost by accident or by the unauthorized acts of others.

How We Share Your Personal Information With Others

With Credit Card Payment Processors. Our Site and our Customer Service permit you to use a credit card to order and pay for products online. We work with a third-party vendor to process your credit card payment. We accept Visa, Mastercard, and American Express using a PCI-compliant process.

With Other Third-Party Service Providers and Our Suppliers. Lawson Products shares information—including Personal Information—we collect with other third-party service providers and our suppliers. For example, we may use third-party vendors to design, operate, and/or host our Site; to conduct surveys; to take and fulfill orders; and to help us with our promotional efforts. These third parties may need information about you to perform their functions. They are permitted to use your Personal Information only to perform services on our behalf.

In the Course of Business Negotiations. We may contemplate, for strategic or other reasons, selling, buying, merging, or otherwise reorganizing our business. In negotiating with a third party about entering into such an arrangement, we may need to disclose your Personal Information. In such cases, we will take reasonable measures to protect the Personal Information we disclose, for example, by requiring a prospective purchaser to sign a nondisclosure agreement limiting the use and protecting the confidentiality of the Personal Information.

As a Result of a Business Transfer. We may transfer the Personal Information you submit to any organization that acquires or merges with us.

To Comply With Laws and Protection of Our Rights and the Rights of Others. We may disclose your Personal Information when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, a court order or a subpoena. We may also disclose your Personal Information to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to protect the security of our Site; to enforce or apply our online Terms of Use or other agreements; or to protect our own rights or property or the rights, property or safety of our users or others.

Links to Other Sites. Our Site may provide links to other websites operated by third parties. We expect such third party providers of products and services to be transparent about their data protection practices. Be aware, however, that we have no control over third-party websites. This Policy does not apply to Personal Information collected on any third-party website. When you access third-party websites through a link on our Site, please take a few minutes to review the privacy policy posted on that site.

BY USING OUR SITE AND OUR CUSTOMER SERVICE, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE COLLECTION, USE, AND TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN OR TO THE UNITED STATES OR TO ANY OTHER COUNTRY IN THE WORLD SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY.

This Policy May Change. This Policy describes Lawson Products' current policies and practices with regard to the information, including Personal Information, we collect through our Site and Customer Service. We are continually improving and adding to the features and functionality of our Site and the services we offer. As a result of these changes (or changes in the law), we may need to update or revise this Policy. Accordingly, we reserve the right to update or modify this Policy at any time, without prior notice. Your continued use of our Site and our Customer Service after we have posted the revised Policy constitutes your agreement to be bound by the revised Policy. This Policy and any revisions are effective on the date appearing on the top of each page of this Site.


WEBSITE TERMS OF USE top

Last Revised: August 1, 2015

Thank you for visiting this website ("Site"). By using this Site, you agree to these Terms of Use which govern your use of any website owned by Lawson Products, Inc. ("Lawson Products").

Your Consent to Our Privacy Policy: By agreeing to these Terms of Use, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy (located at www.lawsonproducts.com) which is expressly incorporated herein. Before using this Site, please carefully review our Privacy Policy. All information provided to us as a result of your use of this Site will be handled in accordance with our Privacy Policy. To the extent there are inconsistencies between these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy, these Terms of Use control.

Ownership of this Site and its Content: This Site, including all its content, is protected under applicable intellectual property and other laws, including without limitation the laws of the United States and other countries. All content and intellectual property rights therein are the property of Lawson Products, Inc. or the material is the property of a third party and is protected pursuant to applicable copyright and trademark laws. You do not acquire ownership rights to any content viewed through this website. Except as otherwise provided herein, none of this content may be used, copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, modified, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without our express prior written permission.

You are hereby granted, subject to these Terms of Use, a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to view the screens and materials on this Site and to print only a limited number of copies of such screens and materials as is needed for your own non-commercial use in order to make a purchasing decision and to use the eCommerce functionality of the Site to make purchases subject to the Terms and Conditions of Sale (located at www.lawsonproducts.com) which is expressly incorporated herein.

This Site contains trademarks, service marks, trade dress, logos, product and service names, and graphics (collectively, "Trademarks") that are owned by Lawson Products or by third parties. You are not authorized to display, copy or use the Trademarks in any manner without the prior written permission of the rights owner.

Your Account: To access the Site or some of its resources, you may be asked to provide certain registration details. It is a condition of your use of the Site that all the information you provide on the Site is correct, current and complete. You agree that all information you provide to register with or use the Site, including any interactive features, are governed by our Privacy Policy.

If you are provided with or create a user name, password or any other information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You agree to notify Lawson Products immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security.

You certify, represent and warrant that all purchases made by employees/agents of your organization utilizing your Lawson Products account number are authorized purchases of your organization and are governed by Lawson Products' Terms of Sale.

Lawson Products has the right to disable any user name, password or other identifier whether chosen by you or provided by us at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in Lawson Products' opinion, you have violated any of these Terms of Use.

Submissions: You agree that all product reviews, ratings, remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics or other information communicated to Lawson Products through this website ("Submissions") shall be the property of Lawson Products. You hereby irrevocably transfer, assign and convey to Lawson Products all right, title and interest in any Submissions. Lawson Products will not be required to treat any Submissions as confidential and will not be liable for any similarities of your Submissions to any future business operations of Lawson Products. Without limitation, Lawson Products will have exclusive ownership of all present and future existing rights to the Submissions of every kind and nature. You represent and warrant that you own or have all rights in and to your Submissions and have the right to assign them to Lawson Products, and that all of your Submissions comply with these Terms of Use.

Prohibited Uses: You agree not to:

Use this Site in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage or impair the Site or interfere with any other party's use of the Site including their ability to engage in real time activities through the Site
Use any robot, spider or other automatic device process or means to access the Site for any purpose including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Site
Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Site or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent
Use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the web
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt any parts of the web or the server on which the Site is hosted
Attack the Site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack
Attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site
Use the Site to fraudulently misrepresent yourself as a bona fide purchaser
Disclaimer of Warranties: Although Lawson Products has attempted to provide accurate information on the Site, Lawson Products assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information. Lawson Products may change products or services at any time without notice. YOUR USE OF THIS SITE AND ITS CONTENT IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS SITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS"AND "AS AVAILABLE". LAWSON PRODUCTS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OR ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER LAWSON PRODUCTS NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH LAWSON PRODUCTS MAKES ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY OR AVAILABILITY OF THE SITE OR THAT THE SITE OR ITS CONTENT WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE, OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED OR THAT THIS SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

Limitation of Liability: IN NO EVENT WILL LAWSON PRODUCTS, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES OR THEIR EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO IT OR ANY CONTENT ON THE SITE. LAWSON PRODUCTS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, COSTS OF REPLACEMENT GOODS, LOSS OR DAMAGE TO DATA ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM USE OR RELIANCE ON THE INFORMATION PRESENTED EVEN IF LAWSON PRODUCTS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. (BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS. OUR LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW.)

Indemnity: You agree to indemnify, defend (with counsel acceptable to us), and hold Lawson Products, its subsidiaries, and affiliates, and their respective officers, agents, partners, and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of this Site in violation of these Terms of Use and/or arising from a breach of these Terms of Use and/or any breach of your representations and warranties set forth above and/or if any material that you post using this Site causes us to be liable to another. Lawson Products reserves the right to defend any such claim, and you agree to provide us with such reasonable cooperation and information as we may request.

Links to Third-Party Websites: This Site may provide links to other websites operated by third parties. Because Lawson Products has no control over third-party websites, we are not responsible for the availability of those websites and do not endorse and are not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, services, products, or other materials on or available from such websites. Lawson Products shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any content, advertising, services, products, or other materials on or available from such websites. These Terms of Use do not apply to your use of third-party websites; your use of such websites is subject to the terms and policies of the owner of such websites.

Modification and Discontinuation: We reserve the right at any time and from time-to-time to modify, edit, delete, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, this Site (or any portion thereof) and/or the information, materials, products and/or services available through this Site (or any part thereof), with or without notice. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any such modification, editing, deletion, suspension or discontinuance of this Site.

Waiver: Our failure at any time to require performance of any provision of these Terms of Use or to exercise any right provided for herein will not be deemed a waiver of such provision or such right. All waivers must be in writing. Unless the written waiver contains an express statement to the contrary, no waiver by Lawson Products of any breach of any provision of these Terms of Use or of any right provided for herein will be construed as a waiver of any continuing or succeeding breach of such provision, a waiver of the provision itself, or a waiver of any right under these Terms of Use.

Severability: If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law, such provision will be changed and interpreted so as to best accomplish the objectives of the original provision to the fullest extent allowed by law, and the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use will remain in full force and effect.

Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Venue: These Terms of Use will be governed under the laws of the State of Illinois without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. Venue for all actions or proceedings arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use will be exclusively in state or federal court in Illinois. You hereby irrevocably consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of said courts for all such purposes.

Entire Agreement: These Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy, the Terms of Sale and all other terms and conditions posted on this website, or to which you agree as part of any program, promotion, or special feature administered by Lawson Products through this website constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and Lawson Products with respect to the website and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral with respect to the website.

Contact Us: If you have any questions about this website or these Terms of Use, please contact us at our email address: info@lawsonproducts.com.