Privacy Statement
Fortress Investment Group LLC and its affiliates (collectively “Fortress”) maintain and operate this website. This Online Privacy Statement is meant to help you understand what information we collect when you interact with this website, and how we use and protect such information. This Online Privacy Statement concerns only this website and does not concern any website to which this site may link. Similarly, it does not concern your interaction with Fortress in the offline world.

Please read this Online Privacy Statement carefully. In the event that you have any questions or concerns about the guidelines set forth in this Online Privacy Statement, please contact us as set out at the end of this Statement.

 

A. What Information Do We Collect About You?
When You Visit and Browse our Website

We collect general information about the devices you use to access our website and services (such as make, model, operating system, IP address, and browser type) and information about your online behavior. By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor our website for our current and future visitors. To collect this information, we use technical methods such as cookies, as further explained below.

Cookies

Cookies are pieces of information that a website sends to your computer while you are viewing the website. Fortress uses cookies for a variety of purposes. For instance, when you return to our website after logging in, cookies provide information to the site so that the site will remember who you are. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You can do this through your web browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you will not have access to many features that may make your browsing of our website smoother, like the features mentioned above, and some of our services may not function properly.

When You Register For an Account

If this website provides a registration option and you choose to register for an account, we will collect the personal information you provide in order to complete your registration. You may choose to provide us with this information, however, there is no obligation to do so, and your choice will not affect your ability to use our website.

When You Contact Us or When We Contact You

We collect personal information you provide about yourself anytime you contact us about our website or services (for example, your name and contact details). You can choose not to provide this information, but then you might not be able to send us requests via our website. We may also use technical methods in HTML e-mails that we send visitors to our website to determine whether such visitors have opened those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails.

When You Upload a Job Application on Our Website

We collect the information you provide when you voluntarily decide to submit a job application on our website and you will be able to view our Job Applicant Privacy Notice at that time for further information.

 

B. How Do We Use Your Personal Information?
Fortress processes your personal information for legitimate business purposes, to fulfill our contractual obligations to you, and/or after consent is obtained from you.

Use in Connection with Normal Business Operations

We may use or share some of the personal information we collect about you with our affiliates or third-party entities as part of our normal business operations (such as processing your requests for forms or other literature or information, transactions, service, or to prepare investor disclosure materials), or to send you administrative communications either about your interactions with us or about features of our website, including any future changes to this Online Privacy Statement.

Other Uses

We may also share your personal information with a select group of third-party service providers that carry out certain functions on our behalf. Sometimes we hire companies to help deliver products or services, like a shipping company that delivers a package. In that instance, there is a need to share your information with that company. Sometimes we also work with other companies who help either gather your information or communicate with you. These companies are allowed to gather, receive, and use your information only for the purposes described in this Online Privacy Statement or as required by law.

We may also disclose your personal information when (a) such disclosure is required by law, or (b) will help to: enforce our Terms of Use; protect your safety or security, including the safety and security of property that belongs to you; and/or, protect the safety and security of our websites, databases, and/or third parties, including the safety and security of tangible and/or intangible property that belongs to us or to third parties.

C. Transferring Your Personal Information to Other Countries
The entities with which we may share your personal information may be located outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). We have put in place safeguards reasonably designed to make sure your personal information remains adequately protected when transferred.

D. How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Information?
We will retain your personal information for the amount of time necessary to accomplish the purpose for which it was collected. We will also retain personal information that could be relevant to legal proceedings or must otherwise be retained under law or regulations for longer periods. 

E. How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
We have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access and improper use. We review our security procedures in order to consider appropriate new technology and methods on an ongoing basis. Except as otherwise required by law, only authorized persons will be allowed to view your personal information. Fortress employees receive training about the importance of confidentiality and maintaining the privacy and security of your information.  

Your Rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation
 

Questions, Concerns, and Complaints 
Should you wish to make a complaint about Fortress’ use of your personal information, you may contact Fortress as set out below.

You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate regulatory body/supervisory authority, in particular in the country where you reside, place of work or of an alleged infringement of the law.

How To Contact Us

If you have any questions concerning our privacy practices described in this Notice
please contact us at DSR@fortress.com,

Or write to us at:

Data Subject Rights
Fortress Investment Group
1345 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10105

Effective from May 25, 2018