Privacy Policy
Notice of Privacy Policy and Information Practices
 
American National Insurance Company and its subsidiaries are committed to providing insurance and annuity products and services designed to meet your needs. We are equally committed to respecting your privacy and protecting the information about you that we may receive. We have prepared this notice to advise you what information we collect, how we use it and how we protect it.
 
What Information We Collect
 
As an essential part of our business, we obtain certain personal information about you in order to provide a financial product or service to you. Some of the information we receive comes directly from you on applications or other forms, and may include information you provide during visits to our Web site. We may also receive information from physicians, testing laboratories and other health providers, and from consumer reporting agencies. The types of information we receive may include addresses, social security numbers, family information, current and past medical history and financial information, including information about transactions with other financial institutions.
 
What Information We Disclose
 
We do not disclose nonpublic personal information about our current or former customers to any non-affiliated entity, except as permitted by law. Examples of the disclosures which we are permitted by law to make include: disclosures necessary to service or administer an insurance or annuity product that you requested or authorized; disclosures made with your consent or at your direction; disclosures made to your legal representative; disclosures made in response to a subpoena or an inquiry from an insurance or other regulatory authority; disclosures made to comply with federal, state or local laws and to protect against fraud.
 
Our Privacy Protection Procedures
 
We protect information about you from unauthorized access. Our employees and agents receive training regarding our privacy policies, and access to information about you is restricted to those individuals that need such information in order to provide products and services to you. Examples of activities requiring access to personal information include: underwriting; claims processing; reinsurance and policyholder service. Finally, we employ secure technologies in order to safeguard transmission of information about you through our web sites, and we have established and maintain procedures to comply with all state and federal laws and regulations regarding the security of personal information.

Protections for Children (Individual Users Under the Age of 13)

American National does not knowingly solicit information from children, nor do we knowingly market our products to children. Persons under 13 years of age may not submit or post personal information to American National without the consent of their parent or guardian. Persons under 13 years of age will not be listed in our member directory or receive direct marketing communications. No information collected from persons under 13 years of age will be used for any marketing or promotional purposes except as explicitly stated during registration.

All persons registering with American National will receive an email confirming their registration. Persons under 13 years of age must provide the email address of their parent or guardian when registering. The parent or guardian must validate the account of any person under 13 years of age in order for that person to use any interactive American National service.

Changes to Online Privacy Policy

American National reserves the right to amend this Online Privacy Policy at any time.  We will post the updated Online Privacy Policy on this website or announce the update on the home page of the website.  Any changes will become effective upon the posting of the updated Online Privacy Policy on this website.  If you do not agree with any of the terms of this Online Privacy Policy, you can choose to not continue to use this website.