Our Privacy Policy
  
WHAT DOES POPULAR, INC. DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?

Rev. 2/18
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some, but not all the information that can be shared. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.

What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:

Social Security Number and Income
Account Balance and Transaction History
Payment History and Credit History
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Popular, Inc. chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information	Does Popular, Inc. 
share?	Can you limit this
sharing?
For our everyday business purposes - such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus	Yes	No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and services to you	Yes	No
For joint marketing with other financial companies	Yes	No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences	Yes	No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness	Yes	Yes
For our affiliates to market to you	Yes	Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you	No	We Don't share
To limit 
our sharing
• Mail the form below. 
Please note: 
If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 45 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. 
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.

Questions?
Call (787)724-3659 (Mobiles & Metro Area-P.R.) or toll-free 1-888-724-3659 (Non Metro Area - P.R., U.S. and V.I.) or go to www.popular.com/en/privacy.

Who we are
Who is providing this notice?	Popular, Inc. and its affiliates (see definition below).
What we do
How does Popular, Inc. protect my personal information?	To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. 
Also, we limit the access only to those employees who need it in order to provide products and services, or to comply with local and federal and regulations.
How does Popular, Inc. collect my personal information?	
We collect your personal information, for example when you: 
• open an account or apply for a loan 
• apply for financing or purchase securities from us 
• apply for insurance

 

We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.

Why can’t I limit all sharing?	Federal law gives you the right to limit only: 
• sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes - information about your    creditworthiness 
• affiliates from using your information to market to you 
• sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you 
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. 
See below for more on your right under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?	Your choice(s) will apply to everyone on your account - unless you tell us otherwise.
Definitions
Affiliates	Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. 
• Our affiliates include companies with Popular, Inc.; financial companies such as Banco Popular, Popular Auto, Popular Securities, Popular Insurance, ELOAN, Inc. Popular Risk Services, Popular Insurance VI, Popular Insurance Agency USA and Banco Popular North America operating under the assumed name of Popular Community Bank.
Nonaffiliates	Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. 
• Popular, Inc. does not share with nonaffiliates. As a result, they can not market to you.
Joint marketing	A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you. 
• Our joint marketing partners include: 
   Direct marketing, Telemarketing, and Insurance companies.
Other important information
State laws	You may have other privacy protections under applicable state laws. To the extent these state laws apply. We will comply with them when we share information about you. California Residents - Your state law requires financial institutions to obtain your consent prior to sharing information about you with nonaffiliated parties. We will limit sharing among our companies to the extent required by California Law. Vermont Residents - We do not share information we collect about you with nonaffiliated third parties, except as permitted by Vermont law, such as to process your transactions or maintain your account with your consent. In addition, we will not share information about your creditworthiness with our affiliates, except with your authorization, but we may share information about our transactions or experience with you with our affiliates without your consent. Nevada Residents - Pursuant to Nevada law, if you prefer not to receive marketing calls from us, you may be placed on our internal Do Not Call list by calling 1-844-294-2576. You may also contact the Bureau of Consumer Protection, Office of the Nevada Attorney General, 100 N. Carson, Carson City, Nevada 89701; phone number: 702-486-3132, http://ag.nv.gov.


To download the Privacy Policy Opt-Out Form, click here.