Last modified: June 12, 2018
Introduction
Fifth Third Bank ("Fifth Third" or "We") respects your privacy and we are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website 53.com (our "Website") and any other online services offered by the US banking and non-banking affiliates and subsidiaries of Fifth Third, as well as our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website.
Through mobile and desktop applications you download from this Website, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this Website.
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to our Website.

It does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Fifth Third or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website. The Website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins, services, social networks or applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow the third party to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and we are not responsible for their data collection and use. We strongly encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.

Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
If you have a consumer financial product or service with us, we will use and share information about you in accordance with our Consumer Privacy Policy. To limit our use of your information, call 1-800-889-5269 – our menu will prompt you though your choice(s); or visit any Fifth Third Banking Center.
Our online services are intended for a US audience. If you visit or use one of our online services, your information may be processed in the US. We do not collect information through analytic cookies or similar technologies for users able to be identified as located in the European Union, its Outermost Regions, or European Free Trade Association member states (collectively “European Economic Areas or EEA”). If you are located in the EEA and would like to make a request related to any of your personal data, please contact us at:
Fifth Third Bank
68 King William St.
London
EC4N 7DZ
United Kingdom
 
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 should provide any personal information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at:
Fifth Third Bank
5050 Kingsley Dr., MD# 1MOCOP
Cincinnati, OH 45263
or via our toll-free number:
1-800-972-3030
 
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
Fifth Third collects certain Personal Information through its website when you choose to submit such information to us by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, details of transactions your carry out through our Website or associated mobile applications, when applying for products and services on our Website, or when applying for employment positions on our Website. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Website. Such Personal Information may include name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, account number and transaction history, social security number, driver’s license or other government identification numbers. We use information collected through our website to respond to specific requests for information about our services and other inquiries.
Fifth Third also maintains a log of certain information concerning visitors to our website and mobile applications, including but not limited to a visitor's IP address (a computer's numerical Internet address), the websites from which visitors access our website, the type of web browsers used to access our website, the device used to access our website and the pages viewed, search queries on the website, and user’s location. Such information may be treated as Personal Information about the visitor in accordance with applicable local law. We collect this information automatically as you navigate through the site.
 
Automatic Data Collection Technologies. 
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
Web Beacons. Pages of our the Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
 
The information we collect automatically helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
Provide you with targeted advertising on our Website and third party websites.
 
The information we collect automatically may be retained for up to 37 months, or such longer period required by applicable law or required pursuant to contract.

Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
Some content or applications on the Website are served by third-parties, including but not limited to appointment scheduling, branch and ATM locator, and calculators. These third parties may use cookies (alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies) to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. This information may be used by Fifth Third for any of the purposes shown in the How We Use Your Information section below.
 
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your account.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
 
We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third-parties' goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please call 1-800-889-5269 – our menu will prompt you though your choice(s); or visit any Fifth Third Banking Center. For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
We use this information because we have a legitimate business interest in performing the contract that we have entered into with you, your employer or a third party and in providing, managing and administering our Website and associated mobile applications.
 
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated, anonymized information about our users without restriction.
We may disclose Personal Information that we collect or you provide as described in this Online Privacy Policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Fifth Third's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Fifth Third about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
 
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our Digital Services User Agreement and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Fifth Third, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
 
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional Offers from Fifth Third. If you do not wish to have your information used by Fifth Third or its affiliates and subsidiaries to promote our own or third parties' products or services, you can opt-out by calling 1-800-889-5269 – our menu will prompt you though your choice(s); or visit any Fifth Third Banking Center. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may click on the opt-out link at the bottom of the email to be omitted from future marketing email distributions. This opt out does not apply to transactional communications from Fifth Third in connection with providing services on an account.
 
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can review and change your personal information by logging into the Website and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at through our Customer Service page on the Website or through the Message Center after logging into your online banking profile to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your Personal Information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
 
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Information you provide to us on the Website and associated mobile applications is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. All data transmitted on our Website and associated mobile applications is encrypted using TLS/SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
 
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
 
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
Fifth Third Bank
5050 Kingsley Dr., MD# 1MOCOP
Cincinnati, OH 45263
or via our toll-free number:
1-800-972-3030