PRIVACY

Last modified: June, 2018

By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by the web site Terms of Use available on the Website .

Introduction  

Green Plains Inc. (“Green Plains”, ”Company”or“We”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.

This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website http://www.gpreinc.com/ (our “Website”), when you provide information to our Company’s employees for the purpose of facilitating sales, and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.

Green Plains may be considered the controller and responsible for your personal data under certain regulatory schemes.  Green Plains is made up of different legal entities, details of which can be found in the Green Plains’ Annual Report under “Green Plains Inc. and Subsidiaries, available for 2017 here: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1309402/000130940218000045/gpre-20171231x10k.htm. This privacy policy is issued on behalf of the all entities owned by Green Plains so when we mention ”Green Plains”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy policy, we are referring to the relevant company owned by Green Plains responsible for processing your data. Green Plains Inc. is the controller and responsible for this website.  Green Plains has a legal and legitimate basis for processing your data to manage contact persons for communication and customer care, ensure compliance with several laws, and in many cases based on your consent.

This policy applies to information we collect:

On this Website.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website and Green Plains employees.
Through mobile and desktop applications you download from this Website or the Company, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this Website.
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
When you interact with our merchandisers and sales individuals and provide your contact information.
 

It does not apply to information collected by:

any other means, including on any other website operated by any third party; or
any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from the Website
​Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website and not to interact with Green Plains. By accessing or using this Website and/or providing your contact information to Green Plains, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of this Website, and continued business relationship with Green Plains, after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.


Jobs at Green Plains

When you choose to submit a resume to the careers section of the Website and apply to become part of the Green Plains team, please note that you will be taken to a third-party URL (https://rew22.ultipro.com/GRE1021) and these pages will be branded as Green Plains. The personal information you provide via the URL will be used solely for the purposes for which it is provided (including the processing of your application) and will be retained for such period as is necessary to comply with Green Plains’ legal and administrative requirements.

Children Under the Age of 13  

Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at privacy@gpreinc.com.

                  

Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It  

We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website and customers, including information:

by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, mailing address, social security number (if you provide it on a vendor form or Know Your Customer form), or ANY OTHER INFORMATION COLLECTED THAT IS DEFINED AS PERSONAL OR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION UNDER AN APPLICABLE LAW (”personal information”);

that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as IP address; and/or

about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details.

We collect this information:

Directly from you when you provide it to us.

Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.

From third parties, for example, our business partners.

 

Information You Provide to Us. The information we collect may include:

Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of requesting information.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Information that you provide on vendor forms and Know Your Customer forms such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, mailing address, social security number, federal employee identification number.
Details of transactions you carry out with us. 
You or your company may be required to provide financial information before placing an order with Green Plains.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies. As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:

Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The information we collect automatically may include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:

Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:

Cookies (or browser cookies).A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
 Flash CookiesCertain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
Web Beacons Pages of our the Website and some of our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or [opened an email] and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
We do not collect personal information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us.

Third-Party Use of Cookies [and Other Tracking Technologies.  

Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.

We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.

How We Use Your Information 

We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:

To comply with legal obligations including OFAC regulations and the Foreign Corrupt Practice.

To contact you or your employer about commercial sale opportunities.

To present our Website and its contents to you.

To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.

To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.

To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.

To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.

In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.

For any other purpose with your consent.

We may also use your information to contact you about our own and goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please contact us at privacy@gpreinc.com. For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.

Disclosure of Your Information  

We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.

We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:

To our subsidiaries and affiliates.

To contractors, auditors, attorneys, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and compliance obligations and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.

To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Green Plains’ assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Green Plains is among the assets transferred.

To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us an email address to contact you or your employer about future commercial opportunities, we may contact you.

For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.

With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:

To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.

To enforce or apply our Privacy Policy, Terms of Use, terms of sale and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.

If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Green Plains, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information  

We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:

Tracking Technologies and Advertising.You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Offers from the Company.If you do not wish to have your email address/contact information used by the Company to promote our own or third parties’ products or services, you can opt-out by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@gpreinc.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions. This opt out does not apply to information provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (”NAI”) on the NAI’s website.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information  

You can review and change your personal information by sending us an email at privacy@gpreinc.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.]

Your California Privacy Rights  

California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@gpreinc.com or write us at: 

Green Plains Inc.

Attn: Legal Dept
1811 Aksarben Dr.
Omaha, NE 68106

Data Security  

We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions and personal information will be encrypted [using SSL technology].  

Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.

Changes to Our Privacy Policy  

The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.

Data Retention

We will retain your personal data for at least as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.

By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for at least seven years after they cease being customers for legal purposes.]

In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see [your legal rights] below for further information.

In some circumstances we will anonymize your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.

Contact Information  

To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:

(402) 884-8700 – please ask for the Legal Department

 

Green Plains Inc.

Attn: Legal Dept
1811 Aksarben Dr.
Omaha, NE 68106