Terms & Conditions
 
Terms and Conditions of Use
The website and its contents are designed to comply with U.S. laws and regulations. Balchem Corporation (“Balchem”) provides and maintains this website for your information, communication, and use. Although accessible by others, the website and its contents are intended for access and use by US residents only.
 
Except for historical information contained herein, material or statements made on this website may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties, including statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of Balchem and its management regarding the company’s strategic directions, prospects and future results. Certain factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements, including economic and other conditions in the markets in which we operate, our competitive environment, long-term regulatory effects, labor issues, governmental regulation, increases in raw material prices, cyclical and seasonal fluctuations in our operating results, and other risks discussed in the company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which discussions are incorporated herein by reference.
Through your access to and use of this website, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") set forth below.
You may download material from the website. Any and all downloaded materials may be used by you for, non-commercial, personal use. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, publish, reuse, create derivative works, repost or use any of such materials for public or commercial purposes without the express written permission of Balchem. All copyright and other proprietary notices contained in downloaded materials must be retained. The materials at this website are copyrighted and any unauthorized use of any materials form this website may violate copyright, trademark and trade dress, unfair competition and other laws. Unless otherwise noted, all material on this website may not be used except as provided herein and without the express written permission of Balchem.
Images of people or places displayed on the website are either the property of or used with permission by Balchem. The use of these images by you is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or by specific permission provided elsewhere on the website. Unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright, trademark, privacy, and/or publicity laws, as well as communications regulations and statutes.
YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. NEITHER BALCHEM NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING OR DELIVERING THE WEBSITE IS LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, THE WEBSITE. THIS INCLUDES DAMAGES TO OR VIRUSES THAT MAY INFECT YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, EVERYTHING ON THE WEBSITE IS PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS," WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR ACCURACY.
Any communication or material that you transmit to, or post on, the website by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data contained in questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary information. Balchem may use such communication or material for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and further posting. Further, Balchem is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication or material you send to the website for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, and marketing products.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively, the "Trademarks") displayed on the website are registered and unregistered trademarks of Balchem and others. Nothing contained in this website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right in and to the Trademarks without the express written permission of Balchem or such applicable third party. Misuse of the Trademarks on the website, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are advised that Balchem will enforce its intellectual property rights in the website and its contents to the fullest extent of the law, including by seeking criminal sanctions. Except as expressly provided herein, Balchem does not grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade secret information.
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, inflammatory, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, would give rise to civil liability, or would otherwise violate the law. Balchem will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Balchem to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials. You may not use the website in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any server or network; or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the website. 

Balchem reserves the right to alter or delete material from the website at any time.

Balchem may, at any time, revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should, therefore, periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions.
Website Privacy Statement
Balchem Corporation is committed to respecting your privacy and therefore does not collect personally identifiable information without your prior knowledge.
 
"Cookies," which may allow a site to track personally identifiable information, will not be placed onto your computer, except for internal website traffic analysis, to support more efficient customer service, to plan future website offerings, or for advertising and retargeting purposes. Balchem will not sell or make available any collected information to any third party except where required by law or in a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to a) comply with legal process; b) protect and defend the rights or property of Balchem, the website or its users, and c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Balchem employees, users of the website or the public at large.
 
This website may provide links to other sites. Since we do not control these linked sites, we cannot guarantee the standards of every website to which we link nor be responsible for the content of non-Balchem sites. Your linking to any other pages or other sites is at your own risk. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these sites. Any future changes to this policy will be promptly posted on this website.
