Privacy Statement
This Privacy Notice applies to all Personally Identifiable Information (defined below) that is collected by Nature’s Sunshine through our online properties (the “Sites”) and offline, through the Independent Representative Application and Agreement, customer product order forms, and any other method.

Keeping personally identifiable information secure is a top priority for Nature’s Sunshine Products, Inc. (“NSP,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). This privacy statement outlines our views and practices and how they pertain to you as an Independent Representative, customer or visitor to the Sites. Please check back periodically, as these policies may change and your subsequent use of the Site will be deemed acceptance of such changes. However, our fundamental commitment to protecting visitors’ privacy will not change.

1. Collection of Information
Information You Volunteer. We only collect personally identifiable information you voluntarily provide while using our services, such as name, mailing address, email address, telephone number and payment card data (“Personally Identifiable Information” or “PII”). Independent Representative applicants will also be requested to provide PII such as their Social Security or Federal Tax ID Number so that we may prepare and file necessary non-employee compensation forms for the IRS. You may always choose not to provide us with information. However, we may not be able to provide you with the services you have requested. Visitors may access the Site without disclosing PII.
Information Collected Automatically. We do not automatically log PII nor do we link information automatically logged by other means PII about specific individuals. However, we may record certain information that becomes available to us through your use of the Site, including, without limitation, the number of visitors and frequency of visits to the Site, the websites that you access immediately before and after the Site, the Internet browser you use, and your IP address. If we use this information, it is only on an aggregate basis.
Cookies and Other Similar Technologies. Like most websites, we use cookies, or data files automatically stored on your computer, to enhance your visit to the Site by better understanding how visitors use the Site. In general, cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information unless you as a visitor knowingly supply the information. We use cookies in order to recognize you when you return to the Site and to provide you with a better user experience. We do not use cookies to store personally identifiable data nor do we link non-personally identifiable information stored in cookies with personally identifiable information about specific individuals. We may allow third parties to use cookies or similar technologies on the Site but we do not control the use or contents of third party cookies. Web browsers often permit you to erase cookies from your browser cache, block cookies, or receive notification when cookies are used. However, if you block the use of cookies, you may not be able to take full advantage of the Site features. NSP does not collect information about you from other sources, e.g., public records or bodies, or private organizations.
Do Not Track Requests. Web browsers may allow you to send a “Do Not Track” request with your browsing traffic, which would enable anonymous browsing of the Site. We honor Do Not Track requests from web browsers. However, anonymous browsing may prevent us from providing you with full functionality of the Site.
2. Use of Information
If you choose to provide us with your Personally Identifiable Information, we will use it to provide you with the services you have requested, to serve you with content, to analyze trends, and to enhance your overall experience while visiting the Site. You may also subscribe to email lists and request that we refer you to a NSP Independent Representative who can provide you with more information about how to purchase NSP products and become a NSP Independent Representative.If you purchase NSP products or become a NSP Independent Representative, we will also use your PII to (1) provide services to you (such as processing product orders and/or returns and calculating and paying commissions); (2) support and improve the services you render to customers and downline Representatives; (3) provide you with additional services; (4) maintain our genealogy database and the proper functioning of our compensation plan; (5) issue payment and report income to taxing authorities; and (6) ensure compliance with legal obligations and our Policies & Procedures. In furtherance of these purposes, NSP may share your information with its parent company in the United States and its subsidiaries located in other countries.We do not collect, use, or disclose personal data for any other purposes that are materially different from the purposes set forth herein, but if we wish to do so, we always obtain your consent first and offer you the choice to opt out of such collection, use, or disclosure.

3. Sharing Information with Third Parties
NSP may use internal and external service providers to operate the Site and perform other work on our behalf in the course of providing you with services you have requested such as developing the Site; fulfilling orders; delivering packages; administrative or accounting functions; and providing customer service. These service providers may have access to your Personally Identifiable Information, but are contractually bound to use your PII only for the purpose of performing their duties. Even so, we remain responsible for your PII and in cases of onward transfer to third parties of data of EEA data subjects received pursuant to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, NSP is potentially liable. Some of these service providers may be established in countries that offer less privacy protection than your country of residence.

NSP does not currently sell, trade or rent your PII to any unaffiliated third parties for marketing purposes. We value your privacy and will not jeopardize our relationship with you by selling your information to solicitors without your prior consent.

NSP may, however, share your PII to fulfill our legal obligations (i) in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, (ii) in response to lawful requests by private parties, in connection with a lawsuit, subpoena, investigation or similar proceeding, (iii) to respond to a matter of personal or public safety, (iv) to investigate security incidents, (v) to protect our interests, rights and property, or (v) in the event of a sale or transfer of assets, or in the context of similar business negotiations.

4. Security of Information
NSP takes administrative, technical and physical measures to help ensure that your Personally Identifiable Information remains accurate, timely and secure. However, no data transmission over the Internet, or through an electronic database, is guaranteed to be 100% secure. Although we strive to protect your information through measures such as the following steps, we cannot guarantee or warrant its security:

NSP uses Secure Socket Layers (SSL) to ensure a secure connection whenever transmitting or receiving personal information. With SSL, information transmitted between two computers via the Internet is sent in an encrypted format so that only the sending and receiving computers can decode it. SSL ensures that no one intercepts any of your personal information while it is being transferred to us. A secure connection is maintained until the checkout process is either completed or canceled.
 NSP restricts access to PII to our employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to perform their jobs. They are obligated to respect the confidentiality of your PII and may be disciplined or terminated for failing to meet these obligations.
5. Data Integrity & Access or Corrections
NSP will keep Personally Identifiable Information in active files or systems as long as necessary in order to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as required to perform our contractual relationship with our customers and NSP Independent Representatives. After a Representative terminates his Nature’s Sunshine business, we must keep some information for accounting purposes, for the calculation of earnings under our compensation plan, and for compliance purposes. We will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the information is accurate and complete and will update or correct your information as needed when notified by you. You may request copies of your Personally Identifiable Information by contacting us at our contact information listed below in Section 10 and representatives may edit your personal information by accessing your account profile. In instances where a Customer purchases products offline, directly from a Coach, we may not have access to the Customer’s Personal Information and you will need to contact your Coach directly.

Depending on the law in your area, you may have various rights concerning personally identifiable information, which may include, a right of access, rectification, restriction of or objection to processing (including for direct marketing), portability to another controller, or erasure. You may exercise some of these rights through functionality on the Site. Where the functionality is not available you may contact NSP through the contact information provided below. Please be aware that the rights listed above may be subject to various limitation set out by law.

6. Independent Representative Organizational Data
NSP is a direct sales organization that distributes our products through a network of Members, Distributors and Managers known as “Independent Representatives”. You may place an order through your Independent Representative, or directly with NSP and NSP will share your information with your Independent Representative in order to process your order. Each customer may choose how to place an order and how to be contacted when placing an order. An Independent Representative who introduces a new Independent Representative to the NSP business is known as a Sponsor and Sponsors may build their own independent sales organizations. To assist Independent Representatives with their businesses, NSP provides Sponsors with their organizational reports that contain their customer and Independent Representative PII and business data, including, but not limited to, name, address, NSP identification number, telephone number, email address, fax number, level or rank within the NSP marketing plan, and volume and sales statistics. These reports are provided to Independent Representatives in the strictest confidence and for the sole purpose of developing their NSP businesses and constitute the confidential, proprietary trade secrets of NSP. Some NSP Representatives may live in countries that offer less privacy protection than your country of residence.

7. Children
The Site is a general audience website and is not designed or targeted at children. NSP does not knowingly collect, use or disseminate any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If you believe we may have collected information from your child on the Sites, please contact us and we will make reasonable efforts to delete the information from our records.

8. Third-Party Links
The Site may contain links to web sites operated and maintained by third parties over which we have absolutely no control. Any information you provide to third party websites will be governed under the terms of each websites' privacy policy and we encourage you to investigate and ask questions before disclosing any information to the operators of third party websites. We have no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the content, actions or policies of third party websites. The inclusion of third party websites on our Site in no way constitutes an endorsement of such websites' content, actions or policies.

9. Privacy Shield Statement
NSP recognizes that the European Union and its member states have a data protection regime that generally restricts the transfer of PII about individuals located in the EU to recipients located outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Nature’s Sunshine Products, Inc., Synergy Worldwide, Inc. and their U.S. affiliate entities comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personally identifiable information from the EEA. NSP has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability with regard to all PII received from the EEA in reliance on the Privacy Shield. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view NSP’s certification, please visit www.privacyshield.gov. EEA data subjects who have questions or complaints regarding NSP’s transfer or treatment of their personally identifiable information may file a complaint with NSP at the contact information below.

In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, NSP commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact NSP at:

Nature's Sunshine Products, Inc.
Privacy Officer, Legal
2901 W. Bluegrass Blvd., 100
Lehi, Utah 84043
(801) 341-7800
privacy@natr.com

NSP has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to our chosen independent recourse mechanism, the International Centre for Dispute Resolution® of the American Arbitration Association® (ICDR/AAA), an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States where you may invoke binding arbitration under certain conditions. go.adr.org/privacyshield.html. In addition, NSP is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please visit www.icdr.org for more information or to file a complaint. The ICDR/AAA services are provided at no cost to you. Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.

10. Questions and Complaints
NSP takes your privacy seriously. If you believe we have not complied with this privacy statement, please contact us so we can investigate your complaint.

Direct inquiries or concerns about our privacy policy to:

Nature's Sunshine Products, Inc.
Privacy Officer, Legal
2901 W. Bluegrass Blvd., 100
Lehi, Utah 84043
(801) 341-7800
privacy@natr.com

Please summarize the nature of your question in the subject line of any email you send.Thank you for reviewing this policy.

Date of Last Revision: November 15, 2018