Internet Privacy Statement
Thank you for visiting our website. This is the Heron Therapeutics, Inc. Internet Privacy Statement for this website.
You can write to us at Heron Therapeutics, Inc., 4242 Campus Point Court, Suite 200, San Diego, CA 92121, USA or at info@herontx.com. Or you can call us at 1 (858) 251-4400.
Heron Therapeutics, Inc. is aware of our visitor's concern for privacy when using this website. We want to give our website visitors the opportunity to know what information we collect about them and how they can limit the use of individually identifiable information beyond the purposes for which they first provided it. At all times however Heron Therapeutics, Inc. reserves the right to disclose information where required by law or to comply with valid legal processes (such as a search warrant, subpoena, or court order), to protect the company's rights or property, including without limitation the right to transfer the data in the event of a transfer of control of Heron Therapeutics, Inc. or the sale of substantially all its assets, or during emergencies when safety is at risk.
Please be sure to read this entire Internet Privacy Statement before using or submitting information to this website. By using this website, you agree with the terms of this Internet Privacy Statement. Whenever you submit information via this website, you consent to the collection, use and the disclosure of that information in accordance with this Internet Privacy Statement. Your use of this website is also subject to the Terms of Use for this website, which is incorporated by reference herein.
Data We Collect and How We Use It
Personally Identifiable Information

Personally identifiable information includes your name, address, email, telephone number, survey information, website registrations or any other information which might reasonably be used to identify you individually. Heron Therapeutics, Inc. collects personally identifiable information from website visitors only when it is voluntarily provided. We may use this information to respond to an email or other inquiry or request, to help improve our website and our services, or to send updates or notices about our company and the products we offer that we think may be of interest to you. Personally identifiable information will not be sold, rented or exchanged with unaffiliated entities unless you are first notified and expressly consent to such transfer.
Heron Therapeutics, Inc. may also combine the personally identifiable information you provide with other generally or publicly available information to help us identify visitors' preferences or interests. We may use the information to improve the content of our website or our products and services. Again, we do not sell, rent, or otherwise share with unaffiliated entities any personally identifiable information we collect unless you are first notified and expressly consent to such transfer.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information

The Heron Therapeutics, Inc. web server captures the Internet Protocol (IP) addresses of each connection to our website and the specific web pages visited during that connection. An IP address is a number assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider so you can access the Internet. It is generally considered to be non-personally identifiable information because in most cases it changes each time you connect to the internet. IP addresses may be used to diagnose problems with our server, report aggregate information, determine the fastest route for your computer to use in connecting to the website, and administer and improve the website. Although the IP address and related information collected is stored in the server log files, no individual is authorized to access those files for any purpose other than system maintenance. We may also use this information to help improve our website and our services by better understanding our audience. Heron Therapeutics, Inc. may also collect non-personally identifiable information in aggregate form to track data such as the total number of visitors to each page of our website, and the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers. We may use this information, which remains in aggregate form, to understand how our visitors use our websites so that we may make them better.
Children

Heron Therapeutics, Inc. does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under 13 years old through this website. However, if the parent or the guardian of a child under 13 believes that the child has provided us with personally identifiable information, the parent or guardian of that child should contact us at info@herontx.com if they want this information deleted from our files. Anyone under 18 years old should seek their parent's or guardian's permission prior to using or disclosing any personal information on this website.
How You Can Control and Update Data About You
Updating Contact Information

We want to be sure that we keep only the most accurate and up-to-date information about you in our records. Therefore, whenever you believe that your contact information needs to be updated, you can contact us at info@herontx.com to correct or update your contact information. You may choose at any time to remove your name, telephone number and postal and e-mail addresses from the list we use to send notices or updates and elect not to receive correspondence from us by contacting us at info@herontx.com.
Data Integrity and Security
Heron Therapeutics, Inc. takes reasonable steps to protect your personally identifiable information as you transmit your information from your computer to our website and to protect your information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. All information transmitted to this website is secure to the extent possible using existing technology. You should keep in mind, however, that no internet transmission is ever 100% secure or error free. In particular, email sent to or from this website may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email. Moreover, where you use passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features on this website, it is your responsibility to safeguard them.
Hyperlinks
This website may provide links to other websites as a service to our visitors. These are websites we believe may have helpful information. However, Heron Therapeutics, Inc. does not endorse and is not responsible for the content of third-party websites. Nor does Heron Therapeutics, Inc. have any control over information you may choose to provide to those websites.
The privacy policy described here does not apply to third-party websites, even if they are linked to Heron Therapeutics, Inc. websites. Other websites you visit may have their own privacy policies or no policy at all. Other websites might use personal information differently than our policy permits. We strongly encourage you to review the privacy policies of any website before providing any personal information.
Changes
Because this policy is subject to change without notice, you should check this Internet Privacy Statement regularly for any changes.
Questions
Questions about the Heron Therapeutics, Inc. Internet Privacy Statement may be directed to info@herontx.com.