Full Privacy Notice
I. What Information Do We Collect?
We collect personal information from you when you use the Regeneron Sites. Personal information is information that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you, such as your name, address, email address and telephone number and any information about you that is directly linked to such data. We collect the personal information that you submit to us, as well as the information that is collected from the use of cookies on our website.

Information That You Provide to Us
Medical Inquires. Healthcare professionals, patients or caregivers may request specific product information, report an adverse event or report a product complaint for a Regeneron product to our Medical Information Department. If you are reporting a product experience involving one of our investigational products, we may follow up to ask you for specific facts, including patient initials, age, gender and prescribing physician. Federal regulations require us to collect identifiable information in order to file reports with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration regarding the safety of our investigational products. 

**If you are a medical professional and disclose personal information about a patient through the Regeneron Sites, you and you alone bear the sole obligation and responsibility of obtaining any patient consents and/or authorization for such disclosure that may be required under federal, state or other applicable data protection law.
Investor Relations. We collect your name and contact details when you request to receive information from us on our investor relations page.
Career Submissions. We collect your CV/resume and other personal information when you apply for employment opportunities on the Regeneron Sites.
Other communications with Regeneron. We also collect your name, email, mailing address, and telephone number submitted on the Contact Us page on the Regeneron Sites. If you communicate with or request information from us by email or on the Regeneron Sites, we will have your email address as well as whatever information you choose to include in your correspondence.
Information We Collect About Your Use of the Regeneron Sites
When you visit the Regeneron Sites, we collect information about your use of the Regeneron Sites. For example, we collect your IP address, pages visited, time spent on the site, browser and device type, language and date of your visit.
II. How Do We Use Your Information?
We use your personal information to contact you when you give us your consent to do so.

We use the personal information that we collect about you for the following legitimate business purposes:

To submit investigational and marketed product reports as required by law
To process your application for employment, including requesting any additional information, responding to your questions and informing you of other employment positions that may be of interest to you (through our personnel or third-party recruiters contracted on our behalf)
To monitor, improve and administer the Regeneron Sites and the services provided on the Regeneron Sites
To inform you of significant changes to this Notice
To comply with our legal requirements
To detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of our Terms and Conditions, violations of law, or other misuse of the Regeneron Sites
III. Who Do We Share Your Information With?
We share your personal information with:

Our affiliates, which are bound to the terms of this Privacy Notice
Our Alliance Partners, Sanofi S.A. and Bayer AG, which we partner with to offer certain products and services. We share your personal information as needed for them to comply with their legal obligations with respect to those products and to understand how to effectively market and improve those products. Our Alliance Partners are bound by a duty of confidentiality to Regeneron
Our service providers, which are contractually obligated to provide services to us in a manner consistent with this Notice. Our service providers include:
vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology, services, and/or content related to better operation and maintenance of the Regeneron Sites
our attorneys and auditors
vendors that provide analytics and research services
As part of a merger, acquisition or other sale or transfer of Regeneron and/or any of its affiliates to another party
Please note that we may need to disclose your personal information if we are required to do so by law, to exercise and protect the legal rights of Regeneron or its personnel and representatives, and to investigate, prevent or respond to suspected illicit activities, including fraud and threats of harm to individuals.

IV. How Long Do We Retain Your Information?
We retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the legitimate business purposes or uses outlined in this Privacy Notice, unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by applicable data protection law or to otherwise fulfill a legal obligation. We generally do not retain the information collected on the Regeneron Sites for longer than five years unless we have a need to retain it.

V. Our Cookie Policy
Cookies are small text files that are stored on the browser of your computer that assign an anonymous identifier to your browser and provide information to the cookie sender.

We use cookies to:

make it easier for you to navigate the Regeneron Sites
help us understand how you use the Regeneron Sites
display content that is relevant to your interests
Most browsers automatically accept cookies by default, but you can adjust the preferences in the browser of your computer or device to warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or to block some or all cookies. While you may still use the Regeneron Sites if you reject cookies, your ability to use some areas of the Regeneron Sites may be limited.

Google Analytics
Some of the Regeneron Sites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). The information generated by Google’s cookie about your use of the Regeneron Sites (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. You can opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout

VI. What Are Your Rights and Choices?
Your right to make informed decisions about information collection is important to Regeneron. Please note that you always have the right to:

obtain confirmation that Regeneron has collected your personal information and information about how we use your personal information
verify the accuracy of your personal information
request that we correct, update, amend, delete, or transform your personal information into anonymous form
request that we stop or restrict our use of your personal information (including opting-out of receiving emails or calls from us)
To exercise any of these privacy rights, please contact us at dataprotection@regeneron.com. Please know that in order for us to respond to your request we may require that you verify your identity.

If you need further assistance regarding your rights, please contact our Data Protection Officer at dataprotection@regeneron.com, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority or with the Irish Data Protection Commission, our lead supervisory authority in Ireland, whose contact information is available here.

VII. International Transfer of Information
We collect and receive data from inside and outside of the United States.

We will use European Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses as a legal mechanism for data transfers from the EU. These clauses are contractual commitments between companies transferring personal data, binding them to protect the privacy and security of the data. We use Standard Contractual Clauses so that the data flows necessary for business take place legally.

VIII. How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
Regeneron uses technical and organizational security measures to guard against unauthorized access to your personal information or against the unauthorized alteration, disclosure, destruction and/or loss of such data. In deciding what level of security is appropriate, Regeneron will take into account the nature of the personal data in question, and the harm that might result from its unauthorized use, disclosure or loss.

Although we take reasonable precautions to protect the information we collect on our Sites, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.

IX.	Third Party Sites
The Regeneron Sites feature links to third-party websites ("Third-Party Site(s)"). These Third-Party Sites are not owned or controlled by us and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such Third-Party Sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Regeneron Sites. If you choose to link to a Third-Party Site, you should read the privacy policy, statement or notice of that website to understand how that Third-Party Site collects and uses personally identifiable information. This Privacy Notice does not apply to any information collected by Third-Party Sites.

X. Children
The Regeneron Sites are not directed to children under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that these individuals not provide personal information through the Regeneron Sites. The Regeneron Sites, its content, and its services are intended for individuals over the age of 13. The Regeneron Sites are not directed to, nor do we knowingly collect information from, children under the age of 13. If we actually know that a user under the age of 13 has volunteered personal information on the Regeneron Sites, or that a medical professional has volunteered information about a patient who is identified as younger than 13, we will delete such information from our records. If you become aware that your child or any child under your care has provided us with personal information, please contact us at the contact information listed below.

XI.	Updates and Contacting Us
We may amend this Privacy Notice at any time. Any changes to this Privacy Notice will be posted on the Regeneron Sites. Should these amendments materially relate to any consents you may have given, Regeneron will contact you in order to obtain your consent to any change in the use of your personal data.

If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice or our use of your personal information, please email us at dataprotection@regeneron.com or write us at:

Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
777 Old Saw Mill River Road
Tarrytown, NY 10591
Attention: Data Protection Officer

Updated July 2018