Perrigo HomePrivacy PolicyEnglish
PRIVACY AND COOKIES STATEMENT
Last Updated: February 1, 2018

CONTACT US
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
USING PERSONAL DATA
COLLECTING PERSONAL DATA
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
STORING PERSONAL DATA
SAFEGUARDING PERSONAL DATA
SHARING AND DISCLOSING DATA
YOUR RIGHTS
COOKIES
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
CONTACT US
Questions, comments, requests and complaints regarding this Statement are welcome; please contact us at globalprivacyoffice@perrigo.com.

Perrigo Company plc and all subsidiaries ("Perrigo") recognizes that the personal information it receives is held in a position of trust. Perrigo seeks to fulfil that trust by following general principles regarding the protection of personal data. This Privacy and Cookies Statement ("Statement") explains how we collect, use, share and protect information gathered through this Digital Media and during other interactions.

This Statement applies to all Perrigo online or digital services or activities, all websites, social media platforms, mobile applications and any other digital services in which it is posted or linked (Digital Media). When you submit information to or through any of these Digital Media, you will need to specifically opt-in or consent to the collection, processing and retention of your information as described in this Statement.

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY PART OF THIS STATEMENT, PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY OF THE SERVICES.

CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Perrigo Digital Media is not intended for use by children. If you are under the age of majority in your place of residence, you may use our Digital Media only with the consent of or under the supervision of your parent or legal guardian. Consistent with applicable laws and regulations regarding protection of children's privacy, if we learn that a child under age 13 has provided Personal Data to or through the Online Platform without first receiving their parent's or legal guardian's consent, we will use that information only to respond directly to that child (or their parent or legal guardian) to inform the child that they cannot use the Digital Media and subsequently we will dispose of such Personal Data in accordance with this Statement.

USING PERSONAL DATA
We use the information you share with us to provide you with services you have requested and for our legitimate business purposes, as described below:

To provide you with general information on the Digital Media and to provide you with our products and services
To respond to your requests for information, feedback and other communication or correspondence you may submit to us
To measure your interest in and improve our products, services and Digital Media
To ensure that content on the Digital Media is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or other mobile devices
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts between you and us, or any other legal obligations
To allow you to participate in interactive features of the Digital Media, when you choose to do so
To notify you about changes to the Digital Media, services, products or policies
To display more meaningful and relevant advertisements to you on the Digital Media
To notify you about special offers and products or services that may be of interest to you where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes
COLLECTING PERSONAL DATA
When you visit or use our Digital Media in any way, we may collect and process different types of personal data about you.

Information You Provide

To obtain access to information, services or products provided by us through the Digital Media you may be required to provide "Personal Data" or "Personal Information" such as your name, postal address, date of birth, email address and telephone number. We may also collect and process demographic information such as preferences and interests, which we may obtain from third parties such as Google or other social media that you use. You can choose not to provide this information; however, you might not be able to gain access to our information, services or products.

If you contact us for any reason, we may keep a record of the information you provide through the "Contact Us" function of the Digital Media. We may also collect and process details of any transactions or usage you carry out through the Digital Media and the fulfilment of orders. Unless subscribing to a service, the provision of your personal data is not a statutory or contractual requirement and you may refuse to disclose same.

Information Collected Through Technology

Perrigo may collect and process different types of information about you when you visit or use our Digital Media in any way through cookies. A "cookie" is a small piece of data that may be stored on your computer or mobile device. For further information on cookies and their use on the Digital Media please see the Cookies section below.

When you use a mobile application, we use data collection tools to collect information about your use of interaction with the App, such as operating system type, browser type, domain and other system settings, search queries, and the time zone in which the mobile device or tablet is located, metadata and other information associated with other files stored on your device.

We also may collect information about the location of the mobile device or tablet used to access the mobile application including (i) the location of the mobile device or tablet derived from GPS or WiFi use; (ii) the IP address of the mobile device or tablet or internet service used to access the Online Platform; and (iii) other information made available by a user or others that indicates the current or prior location of the user, such as geotag information in photographs. It is possible that your IP address, or a cookie that we use, may contain information that may be considered Personal Data.

Social Media

Perrigo may allow you to share information, including Personal Data, through Digital Media with social networking websites, such as Facebook and Twitter. We do not share your Personal Data with them unless you direct us to do so. Their use of the information will be governed by their privacy policies, and you may be able to modify your privacy settings on their websites.

LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
We may provide links to third party websites. In addition, third parties' websites may provide links to our Digital Media. Should you choose to visit these third-party websites, you should review their privacy statements to ensure you understand and are comfortable with their practices concerning your personal data. We do not accept, and we disclaim, any responsibility for the privacy statements and data protection practices of any third-party website (whether or not such website is linked on or to our Digital Media). These links are provided to you for convenience purposes only, and you access them at your own risk. It is your responsibility to check the third-party website's privacy statements before you submit any personal data to their websites.

STORING PERSONAL DATA
Your personal data may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or service providers. By using our Digital Media or by providing consent to us (where required by law), you agree to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including to the United States, which may provide for different data protection rules than in your country.

We will store your personal data only for as long as necessary for the purposes of providing access to our Digital Media and related services to you, as required by law, and for the exercise or defence of any legal claims.

SAFEGUARDING PERSONAL DATA
We use organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect personal data under our control. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or data storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the "Contact Us" section below.

SHARING AND DISCLOSING DATA
Perrigo may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.

We may share Personal Data we have collected with:

Our subsidiaries and affiliates
Service providers and other third parties we use to support our business
A buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Perrigo's assets
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory requirement or request
In the case of a suspected data breach, to communicate with outside parties, such as experts in data breach detection or relevant government authorities, as necessary
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right not to share any of your personal data with Perrigo, or to know what personal data we hold about you.

You can request to correct your personal data if it is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date, or request the deletion of your personal data.

To request information, update information, or request deletion of information that Perrigo may have regarding you, please contact globalprivacyoffice@perrigo.com. We will respond to your request within a reasonable period of time as required by local privacy regulations. Proof of identification may be required as a measure of security prior to fulfilling any requests

You have the right to opt-in to receive newsletters, announcements, or other communications and/or services from our Digital Media. If at a later date you change your mind, you have the right to opt-out from continuing to receive these items.

It is your responsibility to ensure that any information you have provided to us is accurate and up-to-date. Perrigo has the responsibility to update information when appropriate.

You have the right to submit a complaint with your local Data Protection Authority if you are unhappy with how Perrigo is processing your personal data.



COOKIES
By continuing to use this site you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.
Perrigo uses cookies to improve the experience for visitors to our digital media platforms, including websites, and websites that can be accessed through our mobile applications. If you do not want to receive cookies while browsing our website, you can modify your browser and/or mobile device settings so that it notifies you when receiving cookies, or you can choose to restrict or block cookies.

Cookies are tiny files or small pieces of data placed on your computer or mobile device by web page servers. Cookies allow you to navigate between pages efficiently, remember your preferences, interests or log in details, and improve your overall experience. Cookies cannot be executed as code or used to deliver viruses and they cannot enable us to access your hard drive. We cannot read any information on your hard drive even if we store cookies there.

Types of Cookies Used in Digital Media
Necessary cookies: these are essential to enable you to move around the Digital Media and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Digital Media. Without these cookies, our Digital Media would not work properly and services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or secure customer accounts, cannot be provided.
Performance cookies: these collect information about how visitors use the Digital Media, for instance, which pages visitors go to most often, and if they receive error messages from web pages. These cookies collect non-personal information and are used to anonymously track visitor traffic or deliver a personalized, enhanced experience of the site. We also use these cookies to test different designs and features for our Digital Media, as well as to help us monitor how our visitors reach our sites and how effective our advertising is.
Functional cookies: these allow the Digital Media to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customize.
Targeting or advertising cookies: these are used to deliver content more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. Some of our partners may also use cookies or web beacons (a single-pixel image file) so that you see more relevant advertisements when visiting other websites. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.
Social networking cookies: these are usually set by the social networking provider and enable you to share content from the Digital Media with your friends through your favorite social networks. They are also known as Social Media Plugins. Perrigo does not control any of the content from our social networking cookies. For more information about social networking cookies from social media websites you should refer to those sites' privacy and data sharing statements.
How to Manage and Disable Cookies
Most browsers automatically accept cookies. You can usually change your browser settings to prevent cookies from being automatically accepted or stored, or you can receive a notification from the website before accepting the cookies.

Learn more about how to manage cookies by visiting the Help function of your browser, the settings of your mobile device, or www.allaboutcookies.org which provides detailed information on managing cookies on popular browsers. Please be aware that parts of our Digital Media may not function correctly if you disable cookies.

CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
If changes to this Statement are made, we will notify you by revising the date on this Statement. We encourage you to stay informed about our privacy and cookie practices by reviewing the Statement whenever you interact with us. In certain cases, we may provide you with additional notice of changes to this Statement. We will not treat your Personal Data collected under a previous version of the Statement in a materially different manner without first receiving your consent. Any change to this Statement will be effective immediately and your continued use of Perrigo's Digital Media indicates your consent.