Atrion Privacy Policy
Atrion Corporation and its subsidiaries including Atrion Medical, Inc., Halkey-Roberts Corporation, and Quest Medical Inc., may from time to time collect information on you, such as your name, business name, your title, business address, email address, product or service of interest, etc. The purpose of collecting this information is to provide you a service at your request including information about products and services and to meet regulatory requirements.

This may include marketing to you about products for which you have declared an interest, and other products and services we believe may be of benefit to you. We share your data among the subsidiaries of Atrion Corp, but we never share your data with or sell your data to third parties unless compelled to do so by law or regulatory action. When we collect data from you, you must give us active consent to do so. This way we are certain that you are providing the information voluntarily.

You have certain rights regarding the data about you that we retain. Those rights are outlined below. Any time you wish to exercise your rights concerning your data, you should contact our Privacy and Security Officer at PSO@AtrionCorp.com.

YOUR DATA, YOUR RIGHTS:
You have the right to access your data and obtain an easily readable copy of the data we have retained about you.
You have the right to rectify or correct any data that we have that is no longer accurate or is being processed incorrectly.
You have the right to restrict processing. You may decide that it is ok for us to have the data you provided, but you do not want us to market or sell to you for some period.
You have the right to be "forgotten"; you may ask us to delete all of the data that we retain on you for purposes of processing or marketing. Some of your personal data we may be required to keep for legal and regulatory purposes.
We do not use your data to "profile" or to make "automated" decisions about you. Should we ever have a need to do so, we will obtain your active consent beforehand.
LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING
We collect and process your data with your consent as necessary to fulfill your inquiry, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, ensure compliance, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests.

EVENTS, TRADE SHOWS, SEMINARS
If you register for an event like a trade show, seminar, etc., based on your consent the event host may share basic participant information with us such as your name, company and email address. Another method of obtaining your information may be scanning your event "badge", again with your consent, or collecting data through surveys and/or offers. All data collected using these methods are protected under this privacy policy.

HOW YOUR DATA IS KEPT SAFE
Atrion Corp maintains data handling and storage practices and procedures that are designed to promote the integrity and confidentiality of personal data. We update and test our security technology on an ongoing basis. We use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, but we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

HOW YOUR INFORMATION IS STORED AND RETAINED
We store and retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, such as to provide goods and services requested by you, respond to your inquiries or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements, or until you object to Atrion's use of your personal data. Even after your data is "deleted" for processing purposes, there may still be legitimate legal and regulatory reasons for us to retain some of your data. However, your data will be fully and permanently deleted when legal and regulatory requirements have been satisfied.

If you would like to contact our Privacy and Security Officer at Atrion Corp, please email PSO@AtrionCorp.com.