Privacy Policy
MGC Diagnostics Corporation (“MGC Diagnostics”, “we”, “our”) values our relationship with you and the other users of our web site (the “Site”) and the services, information and products offered on it (the ” MGC Diagnostics Services”). We recognize that you may be concerned about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) that we may collect when you use the Site and the MGC Diagnostics Services. Accordingly, we have implemented this Privacy Statement to inform you of the information that we collect from you, how we collect this information, and what we do with it after we collect it.

The Type of Information We Collect
Personal Information
We collect Personal Information from you. As explained above, Personal Information is information that can be used to identify you individually, such as your name, business name, mailing address, phone number, and e-mail address.

Non-Personal Information
We also collect Non-Personal Information from you. This information (Non-Personal Information) cannot be easily used to personally identify you, such as your browser type, the URL of the previous web site you visited, your ISP, operating system, and your IP Address.

 

How and When We Collect This Information
Providing Information to Us
We collect Personal Information from you when you provide it to us. For example, If you sign up to receive a newsletter, we will collect your email address.

Communications With Us
If you communicate with us regarding our Services, we will collect any information that you provide to us in any such communication.

Analytic and Reporting Technologies
Like the operators of most web sites, we use analytic and reporting technologies to record Non-Personal Information such as Internet domain and host names, Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser software and operating system types, click-stream patterns, and the dates and times that the Site and the MGC Diagnostics Services are accessed.

 

How We Use The Information We Gather
Personal Information
We use Personal Information primarily for our own internal purposes, such as providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving our sales, services and our Site.

Non-Personal Information
We use Non-Personal Information to track your Use of the Site and for other internal purposes, particularly providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving our Site.

 

Does MGC Diagnostics Protect My Personal Information?
Whenever we obtain your Personal Information, we use commercially reasonable efforts to protect it from unauthorized access or disclosure. However, we are not insurers of the security of your Personal Information. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any disclosure of data due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third party access or other acts of third parties, or acts or omissions beyond our reasonable control.

 

Confidentiality and Transmissions over the Internet
The security and confidentiality of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Accordingly, we do not assume any liability for any damage you may experience or costs you may incur as a result of any transmissions over the Internet or other publicly accessible networks, such as, but not limited to, transmissions involving the exchange of e-mail and credit card numbers with us (including those which may contain your personal information). While we will take commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard the privacy of the information you provide us and treat such information in accordance with this Privacy Statement, in no event will the information you provide to us be deemed to be confidential, create any fiduciary obligations to you on our part, or result in any liability to you on our part in the event that such information is inadvertently released by us or accessed by third parties without our consent.

 

When Do We Disclose Your Information to Third Parties
Generally speaking, we do not disclose your information to third parties. In some instances, however, we reserve the right to do so because it is necessary to the operation and continued growth of our business or to protect the rights of others. You understand and agree that we are not required to provide you with advance notice and do not require your consent to make such disclosure. These instances are discussed below:

Disclosure to Successors
We may disclose your Personal Information to any successor-in-interest of ours, such as, but not limited to, a company that acquires us.

Disclosure to Unaffiliated Third Parties
We may disclose your Personal Information to prevent an emergency, to protect or enforce our rights, to protect or enforce the rights of a third party, or as required or permitted by law (including, without limitation, to comply with a subpoena or court order).

Disclosure to Third-Party Service Providers
We may contract with various third parties who help us provide and maintain the Site. For example, we may use a third-party to process payments made to us, and may subcontract out manufacturing, fulfillment, or other operations. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent such third parties from disclosing your Personal Information, except for the purpose of providing the services in question. However, we cannot guarantee and are not liable for the conduct of such third parties.

Disclosure of Non-Personal Information
We will disclose Non-Personal Information, usually in aggregate form, to potential strategic partners, advertisers, investors, customers, and others. You may not “opt out” of the sharing of this information. However, it cannot be easily used to identify you personally.

 

What About Cookies?
A cookie is a message that is sent to your computer from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Most web sites use cookies. We currently use cookies.

 

Links to Other Sites
This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by MGC Diagnostics. Please be aware that we, MGC Diagnostics Corporation, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.

This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site.

 

What About Children’s Privacy?
Our Services are not intended for users younger than eighteen years of age. Accordingly, we will not knowingly collect or use any Personal Information from children that we know to be under the age of eighteen. In addition, we will delete any information in our database that we know originates from a child under the age of eighteen.

 

Changes Made to this Privacy Statement
MGC Diagnostics reserves and shall have the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, add or remove any terms or conditions of Privacy Statement without notice or liability to you. Any changes to Privacy Statement shall be effective immediately following the posting of such changes on this Site. The most recent version of this Privacy Statement may always be found at this URL. You agree to review this Privacy Statement from time to time and agree that any subsequent Use by you of this Site following changes to this Privacy Statement shall constitute your acceptance of all such changes. This Privacy Policy was last modified on August 21, 2012.

 

Contact
If you have any questions or concerns about our Site availability, security or this Privacy Statement, please feel free to contact us at information@mgcdiagnostics.com.