Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to TransEnterix. This Privacy Policy describes TransEnterix’s practices with respect to (i) the personal information we gather on TransEnterix’s website (www.transenterix.com) and dependent pages (the “Site”) (ii) the way we use personal information internally; and (iii) our policy regarding sharing your personal information with others.

We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy. This policy addresses our privacy practices relating to visitors to the Site and registered users of the Site.

For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” means any information that, by itself or in combination with other information, identifies or can reasonably be used to identify an individual, such as name, email address, telephone number, address, or birth date. Personal Information does not include information that is anonymized, or publicly-available information that has not been combined with nonpublic Personal Information.

DECLARATION OF CONSENT
By submitting Personal Information and other information to the Site, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of such information as set out in this Privacy Policy.

You may withdraw this consent at any time by notifying Scott Cady at scady@transenterix.com.

COLLECTING INFORMATION
Generally, you may browse the Site without providing any Personal Information. However, we may ask that you provide information at various times and locations through the Site. For example, if you decide to register with the Site to request information, you will be asked to provide information such as your name and email address. You may also choose to volunteer additional Personal Information by completing forms on other sections of the Site, for example for the subscription to newsletters, seminars or events or on our career or alumni site.

PROTECTING PERSONAL INFORMATION
TransEnterix has appropriate technical and organizational measures in place to protect your Personal Information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You should keep in mind, however, that no Internet transmission is ever 100% secure or error-free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from this site may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Moreover, where you use passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features on this site, it is your responsibility to safeguard them.

HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
The information collected by and through this Site may be used by TransEnterix and its affiliates (e.g., TransEnterix) and other entities that are involved in the operation of this Site for TransEnterix’s purposes. Please note that this may include divisions of TransEnterix outside the European Union (EU) and the European Economic Area (EEA). TransEnterix will use Personal Information only for the purpose for which it was provided, as well as other purposes for which the user gives consent.

DATA TRANSFERS TO COUNTRIES OUTSIDE THE EU/EEA
Our servers are either located in the United States or, if located in other countries, data may be replicated to servers in the United States. Please note that in countries outside your own country, and in particular outside the EU and EEA, a different standard on data protection might apply than the one you are used to in your own country.

By volunteering Personal Information on the Site, you acknowledge and consent that these data will be transferred across national borders, including, if you are a resident in the EU/EEA, to countries outside the EU/EEA.

DISCLOSING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
Any Personal Information that you provide to us will be used for our purposes only. Your information will not be shared with other individuals or other companies other than as described in this Privacy Policy.

In some instances we may retain other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf, including, but not limited to website developers, shipping or direct mail organizations, storage facilities, or parties assisting us in the recruitment process. Such third parties may be provided with access to your Personal Information to perform the functions they have been retained for. Our agreements with these third parties do not permit them to use your Personal Information for any other purposes and commit them to comply with applicable data privacy standards.

We further may disclose any information, including Personal Information, we deem necessary, in our sole discretion, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.

COOKIES
TransEnterix uses cookies on this Web site, but only in relation to log analysis, forms completion, and to aid in your ease of use. We do not track individual users.

THIRD PARTY SITES
Our Site may contain links to other third-party sites. When you click on one of these links you are visiting a website operated by someone other than TransEnterix, and the operator of that website may have a different privacy policy. TransEnterix is not responsible for their individual privacy practices. We encourage you to investigate the privacy policies of these third-party operators.

YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to Scott Cady at scady@transenterix.com.

CHILDREN
Our Site is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to us through the Site. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not access, use, or provide any information on the Site or on or through any of its features. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us by sending us an email at scady@transenterix.com.

DURATION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION RETENTION
Personal information will be stored as long as the information is required to fulfill our legitimate business needs or the purposes for which the information was collected, or for as long as is required by law.

YOUR RIGHTS
TransEnterix is committed to ensuring that your information is kept accurate and up to date. Please assist us to comply with this obligation by ensuring that you inform us of any changes to your information. You have the right to request details of the information we hold about you and to delete or rectify any inaccurate information about you by sending us a written request to: Scott Cady at scady@transenterix.com.

REVISIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
TransEnterix reserves the right to change this privacy policy at any time whereby relevant changes take effect for the future. The applicable version of this privacy policy is available on the Site. Please check this privacy policy regularly, and before you submit additional personal information via the Site.

CONTACT
We welcome comments and questions regarding this Privacy Policy. Any such Questions should be directed via e-mail to Scott Cady at scady@transenterix.com. Additionally you may make your request by writing to Scott Cady at scady@transenterix.com.

