PRIVACY
Disclaimer (updated April 2018)

The information contained on this site should not be used as a substitute for requested public released information about VSE Corporation. VSE and the authors advised all users to contact VSE's Public Relations Officer, Christine Kaineg, at (703) 329-3263 (CRKaineg@vsecorp.com) for official information about VSE Corporation. The information is not designed or intended for use as a replacement for public release information.

VSE and the authors make no representations or warranties, whether express or implied, as to the accuracy or suitability of the information or materials contained in this web site. Access to and use of the information contained herein is entirely at the risk of the user. VSE shall not be liable, directly or indirectly to the user or any third party for any misrepresentation resulting from the use of the information contained or implied in this web site. The logos used in the backgrounds & on the title of this web site & elsewhere are the sole property of VSE Corporation. All other logos used on this site remain the property of their respective owners, companies or organizations to whom the logos represent. They are used here only for the promotion of awareness. And by no means do they represent VSE. By proceeding into the Web Site you are accepting this disclaimer.

Our Commitment to Privacy

We respect the privacy of your information. We provide this explanation about our online information practices as a show of our commitment to protect your privacy.

We do not sell or rent personally-identifying information collected during your use of our Website without your permission.

The Information We Collect

At the time you register on our site, or you send us a communication, we collect and store such information as you may provide, which (depending on the circumstances) can include your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and other personally-identifying information. We need this information to communicate with Federal legislators and other policy-makers.

In addition, we may automatically gather general statistical information about our Website and visitors, such as IP addresses, browsers, pages viewed, number of visitors, etc., but in doing so we do not reference you by individual name, e-mail address, home address, or telephone number. We use this data in the aggregate to determine how much our customers use parts of our site so we can improve our site. We may provide this statistical information to third parties, but when we do so we do not provide personally-identifying information without your permission.

The Way We Use Information

We use your personally-identifying information to act on and improve our outreach and educational efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and to customize our site's content, layout, and services.

We may use your information to deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests, such as e-mail alerts and news updates. You can opt out of receiving this information by so indicating in your registration/preferences file. We may ask you to provide us voluntarily with additional information regarding your personal or business interests, experience or requests which may use to customize our service for you.

We use your e-mail address, your mailing address, and phone number to contact you regarding administrative notices and communications relevant to your use of the site. We will not send you promotions or announcements unless you give us permission to do so. You can opt out of receiving such contact by so indicating in your registration/preferences file.

We may also use or disclose information to resolve disputes, investigate problems, or enforce our Terms of Use. At times, we may review status or activity of multiple users to do so. We may disclose or access information whenever we believe in good faith that the law so requires or if we otherwise consider it necessary to do so to maintain service and improve our products and services.

We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to manage our Website and to enhance our site based on the usage pattern data we receive.

Security

We employ reasonable and current security methods to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure correct use of information.

Whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online – for example on message boards, through e-mail or in chat areas – that information can be collected and used by others.

No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be perfectly secure. As a result, while we try to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.

How You Can Update, Correct or Delete Your Information

You can access the information that we collect online and maintain through normal updating methods. To update, correct or delete this information, you can contact us by emailing us here . Your account can be deleted or deactivated, but doing so will result in your not being able to access member services.

Children Under 13

We have no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who access our Website, and so we carry out the same Privacy Policy for individuals of all ages. Our services are not specifically directed to children. If a child has provided us with personally-identifying information without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact us to remove the information and opt out of promotional opportunities.

Third Party Practices

The Privacy Policy of an advertiser or promotional service appearing at our site may differ from ours. We encourage you to read that policy before responding to the offer.

Changes to Our Policy

Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be communicated through our Website at least fifteen days in advance of its effective date. Information collected before changes are made will be secured according to the previous Privacy Policy.

Your Consent

By using our Website, you consent to the collection and use of this information in the manner we describe.