Privacy Policy
TC PipeLines, LP is committed to protecting users personal information, a commitment that is reinforced by the Protection of Personal Information Policy of TransCanada, the parent company of our general partner, TC PipeLines, GP Inc.

Your use of TC PipeLines, LP online products and sites constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions in this Privacy Policy as modified from time to time, including our collection and use of personal information. If you are using the website on behalf of your employer, it means you are authorized to accept these terms on your employer’s behalf.

The Privacy Policy may be amended as needed, so users are encouraged to review this page from time to time. The amended Privacy Policy will be effective upon posting on the site. Your continued use of TC PipeLines, LP’s online products and sites following the posting of changes to the Privacy Policy means that you accept the changes and our use of your personal information in accordance with the revised policy. TC PipeLines, LP may, but is under no obligation to, provide you notice of such modifications to this Privacy Policy via email or other communication.

Collecting, Using and Disclosing Information:
This Privacy Policy describes our practices, regarding the collection, use and disclosure of the information that we collect about you on our website such as your name, address, phone number, fax number, and e-mail address. We may collect this information when you subscribe to, or sign your company up for, certain services that we provide, when you fill out forms made available through our website, when you e-mail us with general inquiries or with your comments or suggestions, or otherwise in connection with your use of our website. We will limit the information we collect to what we need for the purposes for which it was collected. If we wish to use your information for any other purpose, we will obtain your consent before using the information.

Use and Disclosure of your Information
How We Communicate with You
We may use and/or disclose your information for the following reasons:

to contact you in response to your inquiries, comments and suggestions;
to contact you otherwise when necessary;
for the specific purpose for which it was volunteered;
to track our visitors’ use of the site for internal market research;
to improve the site and the services TC PipeLines, LP promotes or provides through the site;
to customize the content and/or layout of our site for each individual visitor;
to ask for your participation in brief surveys;
to complete any purchases or other transactions you may perform on the site;
to notify visitors about updates to the sites or services;
to notify you about promotions, special offers, etc. regarding products and services provided by TC PipeLines, LP or its affiliates or partners;
to be provided to TC PipeLines, LP affiliates or third parties in connection with the legitimate business purposes of TC PipeLines, LP or the site;
to be provided to third parties for the legitimate business purposes of those third parties;
to generate aggregate statistical studies;
as required by law or regulation, or as requested by government authorities, or for the protection of persons or property; and in connection with an acquisition, merger, restructuring, sale or other transfer involving all or any portion of the business associated with the site; and
for other business purposes.
We use reasonable security safeguards to protect the information that we collect from unauthorized access. However, due to the design of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and our servers will be free from unauthorized access by third parties.

Your provision of information online through our website or through information collected online on behalf of TC PipeLines, LP constitutes your affirmative consent that we may contact you by email, fax, and other communications for any of the uses stated above.  See “Respecting and Responding to Your Privacy Concerns,” below, for information regarding opting out of email communications.

Storing of Information and Restricting Access:
We may store your information in electronic databases or e-mail boxes hosted by us or our service providers, for periods of time and with safeguards that we believe are reasonable depending on the nature and sensitivity of the information. Access to the information is restricted to a select group of individuals, in accordance with our security protocols.

Children’s Privacy:
We do not want to collect or maintain information from those under the age of 13. We do not permit children under 13 years of age to become registered users of our site. No part of our site is structured to attract anyone under 13. By using our site, you represent that you are not under 13 years of age.

Automatic Data Collection:
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally-identifiable, and/or track your activity, while you are using our website. For example, we may record how many times you click on a hyperlink, determine whether you visited our site from a particular Internet link or advertisement, track your path through the site, record your Internet protocol (IP) address, record the type of Internet browser you are using, record the type of computer operating system you are using, and determine the advertisement or domain name of the website from which you linked to our website. This automatic data (“Automatic Data”) collection may include but may not be limited to information collected by cookies, IP addresses, and transparent GIFs. We use this Automatic Data to report aggregated website activity and to better understand the needs of our users so we can make informed decisions regarding the content and design of the site. We may also use this Automatic Data to personalize your experience on our site. If you provide us with personally identifiable information, we may combine and use the Automatic Data with the personally identifiable information.   Some of our online content may be provided by third parties that may collect Automatic Data regarding your online activity. Information collected by third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and TC PipeLines, LP is not responsible for their privacy policies, practices or content.

Cookies:
Some pages on TransCanada's website use a technology called "cookies". Cookies are capable of storing many types of data. Cookies help provide additional functionality to the website or help us analyze website usage more accurately. For instance, our server may set a cookie that keeps you from having to accept our Photo Library Usage Agreement more than once during a visit to one of our websites. In all cases in which cookies are used, we will not collect personally identifiable information except with your permission. With most Internet browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.

Releasing Information:
From time to time TransCanada may use third party vendors to assist us in handling the data or providing information that you have requested. In those cases, your data may be made available to these third parties solely for the purpose of your request. In all cases where third parties may be able to access your information we will continue to protect it through confidentiality arrangements and not allow your data to be removed from TransCanada’s control.   We only share your personal information with others in the ways explained in this statement. We do not sell or trade this information to other organizations or companies.

Non-U.S. Residents:
If you do not reside in the U.S. and are visiting our site, if you provide personally identifiable information to us, it may be transferred to and processed on computers in the U.S. and other countries.  Do not provide your personally identifiable information to us if you do not want this information to be transferred outside of your country, or if the laws in your country restrict these types of transfers.  Instead, please contact us at (toll free): 1-877-290-2772 to make your inquiry.  Your provision of personally identifiable information to us will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your provision of personally identifiable information to us through this site means that you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.

Respecting and Responding to Your Privacy Concerns:
You have the option to refuse or withdraw consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information, and we will respect your choices. If you wish to exercise this option or if you have any questions or inquires with respect to our privacy policies or procedures, please send a written request to: Privacy Officer, TransCanada, 450 1st Street S.W., Calgary, Alberta, Canada T2P 5H1; email: privacy_officer@transcanada.com . We will investigate and respond to your concerns about any aspect of our handling your information.   BY USING THE WEBSITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY, UNDERSTAND IT AND AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY

