Last Updated May 24, 2018. Diebold Nixdorf, Incorporated, on behalf of itself and subsidiaries and worldwide affiliates, including Wincor Nixdorf International GmbH, (collectively, "Diebold Nixdorf") appreciates that privacy is important to you, and is committed to protecting the confidentiality of Personal Information, which is defined as information that is identifiable to an individual person. The Diebold Nixdorf web site at www.dieboldnixdorf.com (the "Site") provides you with information about Diebold Nixdorf, its products and services, and in certain circumstances, allows you to purchase Diebold Nixdorf products or services or sign up to receive further information about Diebold Nixdorf. In order to provide you with access to this information about Diebold Nixdorf, and the ability to purchase products and services offered by Diebold Nixdorf, including through the Site, certain Personal Information is collected from the individuals we deal with, including visitors to the Site. This Privacy Policy is designed to inform you about the types of information that are collected, as well as our use of such Personal Information, and sets forth the guidelines Diebold Nixdorf uses in protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to all Personal Information collected by Diebold Nixdorf, including through your use of the Site, any other Diebold Nixdorf site that is linked from www.dieboldnixdorf.com, as well as your use of Diebold Nixdorf’s social media web sites and pages, including without limitation, YouTube™, Facebook®, LinkedIn®, Twitter®, Instagram®, and Google+™, which are all included in the definition of "Site". This Privacy Policy shall also be deemed part of the Diebold Nixdorf Site Terms of Use.

This Privacy Policy describes the types of Personal Information that Diebold Nixdorfcollects in connection with this Site. Diebold Nixdorfgathers Personal Information and will distribute this information only within Diebold Nixdorf in an effort to meet your needs and respond to your information requests.

We note that if you are a Diebold Nixdorf employee, contractor, supplier, customer or other partner, the use and protection of Personal Information may be subject to additional contractual obligations between us, including without limitation, additional Diebold Nixdorf policies, such as the Diebold Nixdorf Code of Business Ethics.

 

1. Personal vs. Non-personal Information
Personal Information: Personal Information may be collected from you as you use the Site, or from other sources. Personal Information generally is information that personally identifies you in some way(s). Examples include your name, address, birth date, email address, phone number, other data collected when purchasing our products or services, education, employment, credit card, or other credit information. Additional examples include information submitted through our call centers, by joining a mailing list, by participating in social media events, contests or surveys, and signing up for email alerts or distributions. If you submit Personal Information to us, including during your visit to this website, you are choosing to provide us with your Personal Information and you agree that it will be used to provide the information, products or services that you request (including information on additional products and or services which Diebold Nixdorf reasonably thinks may be of interest to you) and you consent to Diebold Nixdorf’s use of your personal information to improve or market Diebold Nixdorf’s products or services. Diebold Nixdorf does not knowingly request or collect Personal Information from any person under the age of 16 and we ask that any individual who is under the age of 16 to refrain from using our Site or submitting any Personal Information.
Non-Personal Information: Non-personal information includes general information about your visit to the Site that is not personal information or does not personally identify you. Diebold Nixdorf’s web server will recognize your IP address, which will be collected to monitor general use of the Site and for improvements to the Site, our products, and services. Similarly, cookies provide non-personal information which allows us to track the anonymous use of our Site, including use and traffic statistics each time you visit by placing small data files placed on your hard drive by the Site. Cookies also make the Site more convenient and easier to navigate for you, but they do not collect personal information. Cookies can be ‘session cookies’ (which are deleted when you close your browser) and/or ‘persistent cookies’ which remain on your computer for a longer period of time. Further detail on cookies is discussed below. You can disable or reject the use of cookies, by modifying the appropriate settings on your browser. Note that by doing so, however, you will likely not enjoy the full functionality of the Site.
 

2. Use, Disclosure and Protection of Personal Information
It is Diebold Nixdorf’s intention to obtain Personal Information only by fair and lawful means, and to use the Personal Information to service your needs and requests. We may also use Personal Information to process an order made through the Site, including shipping and returns of such order, and for organizing and submitting customer satisfaction reviews. We may also use such Personal Information to support marketing for our products and services and to enhance the content and use of our Site. 

As a global company, in order for Diebold Nixdorf to provide our products and services, we may need to share your Personal Information with other companies within the Diebold Nixdorf group and/or transfer your information to other countries. We will always seek to ensure that it is kept secure and only used in accordance with your instructions and agreed purpose.

We may collect Personal Information in preparation of entering into a formal agreement. Such Information might be used to conduct searches and background checks. Any related data processing might take place outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”).

Further, we may use and disclose Personal Information to the extent necessary to comply with laws, regulations, court orders, government agencies or investigations and similar legal instructions, to resolve disputes, and to protect Diebold Nixdorf rights and property. Additionally, we may also contract with other third-parties to provide services, such as shipping, payment processing, contact verification, market research, and organization of promotions, or other subcontractors; however, we will provide these contractual parties only with the Personal Information necessary to perform the work for which they were contracted. Such providers might use a cloud based tool, which means that data might be processed in countries outside the EEA. In such cases Diebold Nixdorf and such a provider have agreed the necessary terms as required by law.

Diebold Nixdorf will not sell Personal Information to any third party and we will take commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the confidentiality of such information, in accordance with our contractual obligations as well as in compliance with those laws applicable in the countries in which we conduct business (and you should be aware that laws in all jurisdictions are not the same, and that some may have stricter requirements than others). Further, to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access and use, Diebold Nixdorf maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards, and requires those to whom we disclose Personal Information to do the same.

Diebold Nixdorf will retain your Personal Information only for so long as it is needed  to support the overall purpose for which we collected the information.

Diebold Nixdorf may use third party service providers, such as Google Analytics™, CrazyEgg or other similar providers, to help analyze how users use the Site. By visiting this web site you are agreeing to our use of cookies for these purposes. Specifically, Google Analytics collects information anonymously and reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the Site, rather than your name or other personally identifying information. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect information such as how often users visit the Site, what pages are visited, and what other sites are used prior to coming to the Site. Although Google Analytics plants a persistent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit the Site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google®. Diebold Nixdorf does not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics or CrazyEgg with other personally identifiable information. Diebold Nixdorf uses the information we get from Google Analytics and CrazyEgg only to improve our Site and Services. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use, http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html and the Google Privacy Policy, http://www.google.com/policies/privacy. If you are interested in learning about opting out of Google Analytics, visit: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.


Diebold Nixdorf will process personal related Data on its servers which are located in countries all over the world. Therefore Diebold Nixdorf may process your data outside the country in which you are living (including but not limited to the USA or India).

3. Your Control Over Marketing Communications
Your Personal Information may be used to provide you with information regarding additional opportunities and information about Diebold Nixdorf products and services; and accordingly, by providing such Personal Information, you consent to such use. However, to the extent required by law, we will provide mechanisms for opting out of mass marketing communications targeted by Personal Information we have collected or otherwise obtain consent in the manner required by applicable law. These mechanisms will normally be available on the relevant email or web site, but you may always notify us at the address specified below under "Contact Us". Requests to opt out of communications based on data controlled by third parties must be made through the third party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, there may be some jurisdictions requiring stricter opt-in versus opt-out mechanisms relating to these types of communications and we will comply with the applicable laws in such locations.

 
4. External Links; Public Social Media
This Site may provide links to other third party websites, including social media sites. These links are provided to you for your convenience only, and you access them at your own risk. Even if the third party is affiliated with Diebold Nixdorf, if you choose to use these links, Diebold Nixdorf is not responsible for the conditions or results of use, privacy policies or practices, or the content of such external links or the person or entity responsible for them. You should review the applicable terms of use and privacy policy provisions of such third party websites before using them.

Furthermore, any information you submit in a public forum or social marketing site that is publicly available (such as a chat room, public posting or blog, whether or not sponsored by Diebold Nixdorf) can be read, collected, or used by us as well as others, and could be used to personalize your experience. You are responsible for the information you choose to submit through these media, and although we attempt to monitor user-posted content, such user-posted material is not subject to this privacy statement. Use of any Diebold Nixdorf-related social media or marketing site may also be subject to additional policies and terms of use, which you should review before posting any such public information.

5. Other Diebold Nixdorf Sites
As specified above, this Privacy Policy is applicable to all Personal Information collected by Diebold Nixdorf from this Site, as well as from other sources. However, other Diebold Nixdorf websites may have their own respective privacy policy or other privacy-related terms posted. Those other privacy terms and conditions shall apply to privacy-related issues regarding that other site and the use of any services, functionalities or other offerings made in connection with that other site, and this Privacy Policy shall not apply in such circumstances.

6. Amendments to this Privacy Policy
Diebold Nixdorf may amend this Policy at any time by posting a revised version on this Site, without providing prior notice to you. Any such amendment will be effective at the time it is posted unless a delayed effective date is expressly stated in the revised version. Your continued provision of Personal information to us after such changes have been posted will constitute your acceptance of the changes.

7. Enforceability
In the event any of the provisions of this Privacy Policy shall be held to be unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall be unimpaired, and the unenforceable provision shall be replaced by such enforceable term or provision as comes closest to the intention underlying the unenforceable term or provision. This Privacy Policy shall be subject to and do not alter any other agreements you have entered into with Diebold Nixdorf.

8. Access
If at any time you want to know what personal information we hold about you, you are welcome to request access to that information by contacting us at the contact details listed below.

We are committed to making sure that your Personal Information is accurate and up to date but it is your responsibility to let us know if your Personal Information is inaccurate or out of date and we can only make changes to your personal information if you notify us. If at any time you believe the Personal Information that we hold about you is incomplete or inaccurate, please let us know by contacting us at the contact details listed below. We will use all reasonable efforts to correct the information.

9. Complaint
If you feel that we have failed to deal with your Personal Information in accordance with this policy, or the applicable privacy laws, please contact us at the contact details listed below so we have an opportunity to resolve the issue to your satisfaction.
Our privacy specialist will:

listen to your concerns and grievances;
discuss with you the ways in which we can remedy the situation; and
put in place an action plan to address your complaint and improve our information handling procedures if appropriate.

10. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

AMERICAS

Diebold Nixdorf, Incorporated:  dataprivacy@dieboldnixdorf.com
