Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (Patterson-UTI) respects the privacy of every individual who visits our Web sites or responds to our interactive advertisements. This Privacy Policy outlines the information Patterson-UTI will collect and how we will use that information. This Statement will also instruct you on what to do if you do not want your personal information collected or shared when you visit Patterson-UTI Web sites or respond to our advertisements.

Personal Information
Patterson-UTI will not collect any personal information about you, such as your name, address, telephone number, or email address, unless you provide it to us voluntarily. If you do not want your personal information collected, please do not submit it to us. When you do provide us with personal information, we may use that information in the following ways, unless stated otherwise: we may store and process that information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services; and we may use that information to contact you. Personal information on individual users will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection.

Patterson-UTI may disclose personally identifiable information you provide to third parties if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce these terms and conditions; (c) respond to claims that any information you provide violates the rights of third parties; (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Patterson-UTI, its users and/or the public; or (e) in the event that all or substantially all of Patterson-UTI’s assets are acquired by a third party.

Non-Personal Information
In some cases, Patterson-UTI may collect non-personal information about you such as the type of Internet Browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, and the domain name of the Web site from which you linked to our site.

Cookies
Patterson-UTI may use “cookies” in connection with operation of its Web sites. Cookies are pieces of information that are stored on your computer by the Patterson-UTI server. This information will allow Patterson-UTI, for example, to tailor a Web site or advertisement to better match your interests and preferences.

The use of cookies is common in the industry. With most Web Browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. If you elect, however, not to accept cookies, some parts of the Web site may not function properly or permit access.

Miscellaneous
Applicable laws may give you additional rights that are not described in this Privacy Policy. This World Wide Web Site is not intended for use by anyone under 18 years of age. Patterson-UTI reserves the right to change this privacy policy and the revised privacy policy will be posted here.

Effective Date, February 20, 2009

©2009 Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. Legal Terms and Conditions

