OUR PRIVACY STATEMENT
Expeditors International of Washington, Inc., and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, "Expeditors") respect your privacy. This Privacy Statement: 1) applies to all public and non-public, online and offline, collected, stored, processed, transferred and disclosed personal data of Expeditors’ customers, service providers, agents, contractors, employees and others who share their personal data with Expeditors; and 2) describes what types of personal data we collect, how we use the information, whom we share it with, and the choices you can make about Expeditors' use of your information. We also describe the measures we take to protect the security of the information and how you can contact us about our privacy practices. Our privacy practices may vary among the countries in which we operate to reflect local practices and legal requirements. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Statement at any time, and will indicate the date the Privacy Statement was most recently updated.

WHAT DO YOU COLLECT THAT CAN IDENTIFY ME?
We may collect your name, address, email, phone, IP address, or geographic location. Other personal data we collect.

Some of the information we collect from you, known as personal data, can identify you. An example of personal data may be your name, address, or email address.

Some personal data we collect only when you provide it to us. This may include:

Individual and business contact information (such as name, job title, department, company name, postal or e-mail address, and telephone or fax number)
Shipment information (such as contact information of shipper, consignee and/or notify party; signature on delivery order; description of goods, number of pieces, weight and value of shipment) that is provided to authorities for customs and tax clearance or for security screening
Financial information (such as financial account information used for credit set-up and/or information that may be contained in a business credit report by Dun & Bradstreet)
Employment information (such as employment history, employee number, performance appraisals, salary and benefits)
CCTV image, photo, and biometric data such as fingerprints, or even your signature
Some personal data we collect automatically when you use our website, applications software (App), or services. This is known as user-generated content and may include some or all of the following types of information:

Your Internet Protocol (IP) address
Cookie identifier
Country of origin information (from which country you are accessing our website)
Usernames and passwords used to access Expeditors resources
Mobile device unique identifier
SMS Text
Social Media identifier (such as Facebook or Twitter ID)
Geographic location based on GPS/Wi-Fi/communications network local information
WHY DO YOU COLLECT MY DATA?
If you are a customer, service provider, agent or contractor, we collect and use your personal data to provide the products and services you request; to improve our products and services; send notifications; and protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other criminal activities, claims and other liabilities among others. If you are an employee or a job applicant, we collect and use your personal data to establish, manage or terminate your employment. Additional purposes for collecting your data.

If you are a customer, service provider, agent or contractor, we collect, process, and/or otherwise use your personal data for the following purposes:

Provide the information, products and services you request
Pick-up and deliver shipments
Provide you with shipment information such as tracking and tracing of shipment location
Allow you, if you are a driver, to check-in in advance of a pick-up
Bill you for the products and services you request
Provide you, if you are a costumer, with effective customer service
Contact you with information and notices related to your use of our products and services, including our website
Contact you with special offers and other information we believe will be of interest to you (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us)
Vet you, if you are a service provider, agent or contractor, to ensure that you (and your company) have the appropriate experience and qualifications to provide services on our behalf
Invite you to participate in surveys and provide feedback to us (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us)
Improve our products and services and develop new products and services;
Improve our marketing and promotional efforts
Improve the content, functionality and usability of our website
Enforce our website's Terms of Use
Use for any other purpose about which we provide notice at the time of collection
Comply with legal and regulatory requirements; monitoring and enforcing compliance with company policies and procedures and with legal and regulatory requirements
Protect the security of personal data as well as Expeditors systems and premises
Protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims and other liabilities
If you are an employee or job applicant, we collect, process, and/or otherwise use your personal data for the following purposes:

Conduct background checks on you, where permitted by law
Evaluate your interest in employment and contact you regarding possible employment with Expeditors
Manage payroll processing (including management of salaries, expenses, taxes, required notifications to governmental authorities and the like)
Maintain and manage compensation related activities, including stock plan administration and compensation analysis and administration
establish, maintain, and manage benefits and personnel administration
Manage business travel (e.g., limousines, commercial flights, hotels, rental cars)
Perform services contracts and obligations
Facilitate legal proceedings and government investigations, including preservation of relevant data
Monitor and enforce compliance with Company policies and procedures and with legal and regulatory requirements
Provide IT support and services
A dynamic non-exhaustive list of why we collect your (i.e., employee) personal data is in our Employee Privacy Notice on insite.

We do not sell, disclose, or otherwise process your personal data except as described herein or otherwise disclosed to you at the time the data is collected. We will retain your personal data no longer than is necessary to carry out the purposes listed in this Privacy Statement and/or as required by applicable law.

We also use data that does not identify you, called non-personal data, for lots of purposes, including to improve our products and services. In particular, we may use non-personal data to build anonymous data profiles and provide segmented marketing, generate aggregate statistical information, and to improve and administer our current services and create new products and services.

You can be assured that we protect the information we collect. By using our products or services, you agree to the collection, use and sharing of your data in accordance with this Privacy Statement.

HOW DO YOU COLLECT MY DATA?
We collect your data when you provide it to us directly, use our products, services, applications software or website, through cookies, and tracking beacons. We collect data directly from you, or automatically.

Expeditors collects information about you from various sources. For example, we may have a direct relationship with you, and you may choose to provide information to us in connection with that relationship. You may choose to submit information to us, for example, in person, over the phone, through the postal mail service or electronic mail, on our website, in connection with use of our products, services or applications software, when you participate in an offer or promotion, or in connection with an actual or potential business or employment relationship with us. We also may obtain information about you from you directly or from companies that use our products or services, publicly available information systems, business credit reporting agencies, and commercial information services.

We also collect data automatically, by your Web browser when you visit our website, or through the App that you have downloaded. This information typically includes your IP address, the identity of your Internet service provider, the name and version of your operating system, the name and version of your browser, the date and time of your visit, the pages you visit, your location and your mobile device unique identifier. Specifically, through our App, we may collect technical data and related information, system, application software, and peripherals, that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of software updates, product support, and other services to you (if any) related to such App. When you use any of our App, the App may automatically collect and store some or all of the following information from your mobile or GPS container tracking device, including without limitation your preferred language and country site (if applicable); your phone number or other unique device identifier assigned to your mobile or GPS container device; the IP address of your mobile or GPS container device; the manufacturer and model of your mobile or GPS container device; mobile or GPS container operating system; type of Internet browsers you are using; and information about how you interact with the App, such as how many times you use a specific part of the App over a given time period, the amount of time you spend using the App, how often you use the App, actions you take in the App, and how you engage with the App.

We also use "cookies" and other web technologies to collect information and support certain features of our website. If you are curious what is meant by a cookie and how we use cookies and third-party tracking and analytics services, please click here.

DO YOU SHARE MY DATA?
Yes, as part of normal business operations, we may share your personal data with third parties (affiliates of Expeditors or third-party providers) to provide products and services you request; to fulfill employment and payroll-related tasks; and to conduct due diligence review, among others. We do not sell or rent your personal data to third parties. Learn why and when Expeditors shares or discloses your data with and to third parties.

DATA TRANSFERS
We may transfer the personal data we collect about you to countries other than the country in which the personal data originally was collected. Those countries may not have the same privacy and data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer your personal data to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Statement and in accordance with applicable law. We use contractual protections for the transfer of personal data among various jurisdictions (including, e.g., the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses).

WHAT RIGHTS DO I HAVE OVER MY DATA?
You may ask us how we process your data, to correct or delete your personal data and may opt out of email messaging and certain data processing. What else can you ask us to do?

HOW SAFE IS MY DATA?
We have in place industry-accepted physical, technical and administrative security measures appropriate to our business to safeguard and secure the personal data we collect from you.

You have the right to expect us to protect your personal data and keep it safe. We work hard to protect Expeditors, our customers, partners, employees and users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of the information we hold. In particular:

We abide by this Privacy Statement at all times with respect to all personal data that we collect from you;
We limit the use and disclosure of your personal data, and work to ensure that anyone with whom we share such information treats that information with the privacy and security it deserves; and
We have put in place industry-accepted physical, technical and administrative practices appropriate to our business to safeguard and secure the information we collect. Contact us for a copy of our Cybersecurity Statement.
HOW CAN I CONTACT YOU?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or any of the above please contact us at:

Expeditors International of Washington, Inc.
Legal Department
1015 3rd Ave, 12th Floor
Seattle, Washington State 98104
USA 
Attn: Melissa Loh, Senior Counsel and Global Data Privacy Officer
By Email: dataprivacy@expeditors.com
Effective Date: March 2, 2018.

