ACETO Corporation is committed to protecting your privacy. This site is for registerd users only, we need your information to provide services that you request, and this privacy policy explains data collection and use in those situations. This privacy policy only applies to http://www.aceto.com; it does not apply to other online or offline ACETO Corporation sites, products or services. Please read the complete ACETO.COM privacy policy.
Collection of your Personal Information
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you are registering before obtaining further information, ordering e-mail newsletters, or when purchasing and/or registering ACETO Corporation products and services. Necessary personal information and relevant corporate information is collected by ACETO.COM when needed to provide a service you requested.

ACETO.COM may also collect certain information about your computer hardware and software. This information may include: your IP address, browser type, operating system, domain name, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of ACETO.COM.

ACETO.COM may also collect information about which pages our customers visit within ACETO.COM. This site visitation data is never linked with personal information unless a user consents as described below.
Use of your Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purposes:
To ensure our site is relevant to your needs.
To deliver products and services, that you request or purchase.
To help us create and publish content most relevant to you.
To alert you to service and information updates from ACETO Corporation, if you so request.
We may hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including packaging, mailing and delivering purchases, answering customer questions about products or services, sending postal mail and processing event registration. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.

ACETO Corporation may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on ACETO Corporation or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of ACETO Corporation and its website, or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of ACETO Corporation employees, users of ACETO Corporation products or services, or members of the public.

Your information may be stored and processed in Taiwan or any other country in which ACETO Corporation or its affiliates or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.
Control of your Personal Information
When you register, or otherwise give us personal information, ACETO.COM will not share that information with third parties without your permission, other than for the limited exceptions already listed. It will only be used for the purposes stated above.

ACETO.COM may send out periodic e-mails informing you of a product or service you requested, or confirming you requested a product or service. You will not be able to choose to unsubscribe to these mailings, as they are considered an essential part of the service you have chosen.
Security of your Personal Information
ACETO.COM is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide in computer servers with limited access that are located in controlled facilities.
Use of Cookies
When someone visits the site, a cookie may be placed on the customer's machine (if the customer accepts cookies) or is read if the customer has visited the site previously. One use of cookies is to assist in the collection of the site visitation statistics described above.

We also use cookies to collect information on which newsletter links are clicked by customers. This information is used to ensure we are sending information customers want to read. It is collected in aggregate form and never linked with your personal information.
Changes to this Policy
ACETO.COM will occasionally update this privacy policy. When we do, we will also revise the "last updated" date at the bottom of this page. For material changes to this policy, ACETO.COM will notify you by placing prominent notice on the Web site.
Data protection officer for the German companies
Aceto Holding GmbH
Aceto Pharma GmbH
Aceto FineChem GmbH
Aceto Health Ingredients GmbH

Dipl.-Inform. Tobias Mauß
Mauß Datenschutz GmbH
E-Mail: datenschutz@datenschutzbeauftragter-hamburg.de
Telefon: 040 / 999 99 52 - 0
Telefax: 040 / 999 99 52 - 99
Postanschrift: Neuer Wall 10, 20359
Hamburg