Privacy Policy
In general, you can visit the Myers Industries, Inc. website without telling us who you are or providing any personal information.

If you voluntarily provide information, Myers Industries (“Myers”), its companies, divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates (“Akro-Mils, Ameri-Kart, Buckhorn, Scepter, Jamco, Myers International, Myers Tire Supply Distribution, and Patch Rubber Company”) may use the information to send you products, information or services.  In order to do this, we may when necessary share information with business partners, financial institutions, shipping companies, postal authorities or government. In connection with a transaction, we may contact you for a customer satisfaction survey.

Please read the following policy to understand how your information will be treated and used at this site.  This policy may change from time to time, so please revisit this page periodically.

Disclosure and Use of Personal Information:
Myers does not sell, trade, rent or allow others to use your information outside of Myers other than as noted above.

We may disclose information to appropriate legal authorities in special cases when we believe in good faith that such release is necessary:

1) to comply with the appropriate country law,

2) to identify or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our conditions of use and terms of service,

3) to legally enforce or apply the terms of this user agreement,

4) to protect the rights, property, both tangible and intangible, or safety of Myers or other third parties.

Myers Industries is an international company.  As such this site has users from all over the world.  Any information you give us through this site may be transmitted to servers outside the country where the information is entered, and may be used, stored and processed outside the country where it was entered.  Myers is not responsible for the handling of information by servers outside the United States.  We may use certain information gathered from this site to compile demographic data about our users, sales, traffic patterns and related site information.  If provided to third parties, this demographic data will NOT include any personally identifiable information.

Websites that are linked to this site and visited by a user from our site may have different policies and terms and conditions for use.  Myers is not responsible for the privacy practices or terms and conditions of these other sites.

Security
Myers uses appropriate reasonable measures to protect personal information.  We use physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard your data.  Even though Myers intends to protect your information, we do not guarantee that communications with our site or access to your personal information will never be improperly accessed by third parties.

Registered Users / E-Mail List
When you subscribe to our e-mail news list or product updates from our companies / brands, we ask for your name, e-mail address and other information.  You will always have the option of de-listing from any e-mail list.

Cookies
A cookie is a small data file sent to your browser from a web server to be stored on your hard drive that allows easier access the next time the same page is visited.  This site may use cookies to store information from forms you fill out to create a user profile so that you do not have to re-enter the information each time you visit.

IP Addresses
An IP address is a number used to identify computers so that data, such as web pages, you request can be sent to you.  Our server automatically collects IP addresses for purposes of administering our system and to help us diagnose problems.  We do not use the IP address for any other reason.

Consent
By using our website, you consent to the guidelines outlined in this policy.

Users under the Age of 18
If you are under the age of 18, do not provide any personally identifiable information on this site without the knowledge and permission of your parent or guardian.