ContactPrivacy Policy
Unitil.com is committed to protecting the privacy of all our users, and customers. Although Unitil.com collects some personally identifiable information in connection with its provision of services via the Internet, Unitil.com does not sell or disclose any personal information about you or your Internet usage without your direct and prior approval, unless required by law, or by search warrant, subpoena or court order. Other than as set forth herein, we will not use your information for any purpose other than to provide you with information, products and services.

By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of personal information upon the terms set forth in this privacy policy (this "Privacy Policy") and as more fully described below. Due to the rapidly evolving and changing authorities governing privacy issues on the Internet, we reserve the right to amend and/or revise this Privacy Policy and may occasionally update it. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on our site so that users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users. Users will always have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner.

Your Consent to This Privacy Policy

Your use of our website signifies that you agree with the terms of our current Privacy Policy as posted in this area of the site. If you do not agree with any term in this Privacy Policy, please do not provide any personal information on this site.

Collecting and Utilizing Information

In certain areas of this site, personally identifiable information is requested, such as name, address, customer account number, and email address. This information is requested only for the purpose of providing you with the service you have requested or to answer the question(s) you have asked. It will not be used to solicit you or for any other purposes. All services available through this site will be fully identified and explained to you in the same section of the site where you are asked to provide your information.

When paying bills electronically, we will collect personally identifiable information for authentication purposes in order to process your payments.  Electronic bill payment on this site requires that you provide information regarding your bank account and/or credit card. 

Protecting Information

The customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access by multiple levels of security. As we consider information security paramount at Unitil.com, we will continue to research and utilize the most up-to-date security systems available.

Sharing Customer Information

Unitil.com does not release any personal information about you or your usage without your direct and prior approval, unless required by law. We will not use your information for any purpose other than to provide you with our services.

Unitil.com may sometimes provide aggregate information about our customers for statistical use or in accordance with regulatory reporting requirements. These statistics do not include any information that personally identifies our customers.

Unitil.com does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others. In the unlikely event that our policy on this matter changes in the future, we will provide clear notice of such change on the site. At that time, you will be given the opportunity to remove your personal information.

Cookies

When you visit our website, Unitil.com web servers use persistent and non-persistent cookies. Both types of cookies do not reveal your identity - they simply enable us to maintain custom settings while you use our site. A persistent cookie permits our website to remember these settings when you visit again in the future, resulting in faster and more convenient access. A persistent cookie is required to view our site and is stored on your web browser to optimize your current and future visits with information such as service-specific offerings or location-specific information such as rates and tariffs. If your browser is set to refuse cookies, you will always be prompted to configure your visit before entering unitil.com. Click here for information on enabling cookies in various browsers.

Links

The Unitil.com website contains links to other websites for your convenience. Please be aware that Unitil.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We strongly encourage our users to be aware that when they leave our site they should carefully read the privacy statements and terms of use of each and every web site that collects their personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected and used directly by Unitil.com.

Reviewing and Updating Information

Unitil.com customers can change or correct any personal information maintained on our site. To do so, please contact Unitil Customer Services using our online form.

Violations of this Privacy Policy

If you feel that Unitil.com is not abiding by this Privacy Policy, please contact Unitil Customer Services using our online form.

Contacting Us

To inquire about our Privacy Policy, please contact us.

 

Last Update: April 2012