Privacy Policy
Home  Privacy Policy
​Please read these terms of use and Privacy Statement carefully before using this web site. These terms govern your use of the site and are binding between you and RCM Technologies, Inc. (RCM).
​RCM believes that the responsible use of personal information is critical to the continued success of the Internet. As such, we are committed to the highest standards in protecting and safeguarding your right to privacy while using and interacting with our Web site. While you can access most areas of our Web site without submitting any personal data, there are certain areas of our site that request specific personal information including name, company, phone number, and e-mail address. Our intent is to allow you as much control over your personal information as possible.

Personally Identifiable Information
RCM uses the information you provide in order to respond to your inquiry, to provide you with requested information or services or to process your on-line employment application. In general, when you visit the Site, unless you choose to provide information to us, you remain anonymous. RCM does not collect personally identifiable information from visitors to the Site in any non-obvious manner, although it may collect purely statistical non-identifiable information about how you navigate the Site. While this information is not individualized, it enables RCM to better understand the practices and preferences of our visitors and helps to improve the Site in the future to better serve you.
Security
Although RCM endeavors to create a secure and reliable Site for its visitors, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to and from RCM via the Internet or E-mail cannot be guaranteed, nor are any encryption or security measures in place to cover transmissions to the Site. When disclosing any personal information, you should remain mindful that as with all e-mail sent via the Internet, it may be intercepted without RCM’s consent by unscrupulous members of the public and, consequently, can be collected and used by others without your consent or knowledge. Accordingly, you should consider carefully whether to submit sensitive information that you would not want made public and should recognize that your use of the Site is solely at your own risk.
Changes To This Policy 
RCM may change the features and/or content found on the Site. Consequently, this Privacy Policy may change to reflect any new features and/or content. You should periodically revisit our Privacy Policy to be sure you are familiar with our current policy. Your use and/or continued use of the Site (following any modifications to this Privacy Policy) will be conclusively deemed acceptance of the terms to this Privacy Policy and any changes thereto.
Miscellaneous
RCM reserves the right to modify and add to the Terms and the Privacy Statement at any time without prior notice by posting the new terms and conditions on the Site. Use of the Site after such postings of any modifications or additions shall constitute your acceptance of the new terms as indicated above.