PRIVACY NOTICE
This privacy notice applies to Protective Insurance Corporation, Protective Insurance Company, Sagamore Insurance Company, Protective Specialty Insurance Company, B&L Brokerage Services, and B&L Insurance, Ltd. (Bermuda), which are collectively referred to in this notice as “we,” “our” and “us.” This notice is addressed to all of our current and former policyholders, who are collectively referred to as “you,” “your” or “yours.”

We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will not share your nonpublic personal information with other companies for marketing purposes. There is no need to opt out. To learn more about how we collect, use, disclose and protect your personal information, please read the following Privacy Notice.

WHY WE COLLECT INFORMATION
We collect and use information to evaluate your request for our insurance or other products or services, to evaluate benefit claims, to administer our products or services and to process transactions requested by you.

TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may collect the following types of information if you choose to provide it:

Underwriting and Application Information. As an insurance company, we must research and evaluate insurance applicants. During this evaluation, we gather information on individual and corporate applicants from government and insurance industry bureaus, and financial information services, such as Standard and Poor’s, previous insurers and credit reporting agencies. This nonpublic personal information includes, but is not limited to, name, mailing address, email addresses, phone number(s), date of birth, household and additional driver information, occupation and place of employment, and vehicle information.
Consumer Report Information. We use information from consumer reporting agencies to confirm or supplement information that we gather from your application. Consumer reports typically contain information such as motor vehicle reports, claim histories and other information. We will only disclose this information to service or underwrite your policy. We do not share this information with third parties; however, this information may be shared among our affiliated companies where permitted by law.
Event Registration Forms. We periodically hold presentations for our customers and insureds. In order to register individuals for these events, we need to gather names, mailing addresses, phone numbers, fax numbers and email addresses. This information is only used to coordinate and plan these events and will not be shared with third parties except where permitted by law.
Claims Reporting and Information. In order to quickly and fairly process claims, we need to collect names, mailing addresses, phone numbers, information pertinent to the claim, loss or accident, the names of witnesses, and information about individuals involved in the claim, loss or accident. We also collect information about your insurance coverage selections and premiums, claims history and past payments, and billing information. Additionally, we may compile personal information about you so that we can properly adjust, settle and investigate any claims made against your policy with us. This information is primarily collected to settle claims made against your policy and will not be shared with third parties except where permitted by law.
Publication and Software Requests. Our customers and prospective clients occasionally express an interest in receiving software and safety publications from us. In order to process these requests, we need to collect names, mailing addresses, email addresses, fax numbers and phone numbers. This information is used only to satisfy publication and software requests and will not be shared with third parties except where permitted by law.
Customer Service. In order to better service your account, we may need to collect names, mailing addresses, phone numbers, fax numbers, credit card and checking account numbers, or email addresses. This information is only used to assist our representatives in servicing your account with us and will not be shared with third parties except where permitted by law.
Agency or Producer Service Information. Our independent producers and agents use Internet communication systems, to submit information to us regarding your account. This includes, but is not limited to, underwriting information as described above, endorsement requests, requests for certificates of insurance, additional insured requests, cancellation information and general requests for product information. We expect our independent agents and producers to follow our privacy policy when handling your personal information. However, your independent agent or producer is required by law to develop its own privacy policies. Please note that these privacy policies may significantly differ from ours. Thus, we recommend that you refer to the privacy policies of your independent agent or producer to safeguard your personal information.
The above list is not all-inclusive and we may collect other types of information about you. However, be assured that we are committed to protecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal and financial information and that we will make every effort to keep you updated on the types of information we are collecting about you.

PROTECTING NONPUBLIC PERSONAL INFORMATION
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to the select employees and agents or producers who need that information to service your account, or to provide you with our products and services. If your information is not necessary for an employee’s job, it will not be made available to them.

The information we collect about you is kept within the companies of Protective Insurance Corporation and will not be disclosed except when required to service your account or where permitted by law. Your nonpublic personal information is not available to the general public. Access to our computer systems is limited by user code and department.

HOW AND WHEN WE DISCLOSE NONPUBLIC PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will share information about you only as permitted by law. We will not share your nonpublic personal information with other companies for marketing purposes. There is no need to opt out.

We may disclose information to our affiliates and unaffiliated third parties for the purpose of processing insurance claims and servicing your account with us. For instance, we disclose information to our claims representatives, appraisers, insurance producers and brokers, law enforcement, courts and government agencies. All other disclosures are made according to your authorization or as required or permitted by law.

We may disclose or contribute information to state agencies, insurance databases or rating organizations to prevent fraud, perform research, comply with federal, state or local laws, or to comply with civil, criminal or regulatory investigations. We may also share information with actuarial or reinsurance professionals.

We will not disclose your medical information without first obtaining your consent unless otherwise permitted by law and necessary to process your claim.

WEBSITE INFORMATION
You can browse our websites without divulging any personal information. However, we have created several customer service applications for our policyholders, potential customers, insureds, claimants and investors on our websites. If you would like to access these specific applications, you will need to submit information to us such as your name, home address, telephone number, email address, credit card or checking account information, or other personal identifiers so that we can service your account. By using any of our websites, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Notice.

We also provide links to other websites on the Internet. Please be aware that these links are provided as a benefit to you and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any other websites that you may be linked to through our websites. We recommend that you refer to the privacy policies of these linked sites as their privacy policies may significantly deviate from ours.

A copy of this notice may be obtained by visiting our websites, or by calling 1-800-644-5501.

Any questions about this Privacy Notice can be directed to:

Protective Insurance Corporation
Attn: Legal Department
111 Congressional Blvd., Suite 500
Carmel, Indiana 46032

(03-2015)

