PRIVACY STATEMENT
Consolidated-Tomoka Land Co. (“CTLC”)
Website Privacy Policy
Revised as of November 25, 2011

The website located at www.ctlc.com (the “Website”) is operated by CTLC (CTLC may hereafter be referred to as “us,” “we,” and “our”). CTLC is committed to the privacy of our visitors and customers. The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to inform you when you visit our Website how we use such information and the choices you have regarding our use of and your ability to review and correct your information.

A Special Notice about Children
Children (under the age of 18) are not eligible to use the Website unsupervised, and we ask that children do not submit any personal information to us. If you are under the age of 18, you may only use this Website in conjunction with, and under the supervision of, your parents or guardians. By using this Website, you represent that you are of sufficient legal age to use the Website. It is our policy not to collect personal information from any person under 18 because such individuals are not permitted to use this Website or submit personal information to us through the Website. If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personal information from such individuals, we will promptly remove such information from our records.

Information Collected
In general, you can visit this Website without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers collect the domain names, not the e-mail addresses, of visitors. In addition, there are portions of this Website where we may need to collect personal information from you for a specific purpose, such as to provide you with certain information you request. The information collected from you may include your name, address, telephone, fax number, or e-mail address. For electronic access to proxy statements, we collect your tax identification number to verify your shareholder status.

Cookies
Like many other commercial sites, our Website utilizes standard technologies called “cookies” to collect information about how our Website is used. A cookie is a small data text file, that a website stores on your computer’s hard drive (if your web browser permits) that can later be retrieved to identify you to us. Cookies are designed to help a website recognize a user’s browser as a previous visitor and thus save and remember any preferences that may have been set while the user was browsing the site. A cookie cannot be read by a website other than the one that set the cookie. Cookies can securely personalize home pages, identify which parts of a site have been visited or keep track of selections. For instance, cookies allow us to prepopulate (or fill in) an email field with your email address if you revisit our website and make a request. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on a computer virus, or capture your email address.

Use of Collected Information
Domain name information that we collect is not used to personally identify you and instead is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc. We use this information to measure the use of our site and to improve the content of our site.
When other information is collected from you, such as your name and e-mail address, we generally let you know at the time of collection how we will use the personal information. Usually, we use the personal information you provide only to respond to your inquiry or to process your request (such as to receive annual reports or sales information). This information may be shared with other CTLC businesses, but only if necessary to fulfill your request or for related purposes.

Email Use
When you provide us your email address, we may send you emails necessary to respond to your request. If we provide you with promotional email, it will contain instructions on how to unsubscribe. Your email address will be used only to respond to your request and will not be shared with any third parties.

Links to Other Sites
CTLC’s Website may contain links to other sites (“third-party links”) that are not necessarily under the control of CTLC. While we try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, CTLC shall have no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the content, security, or privacy practices of any third-party links, or any link or linking program at any time. You should read and understand CTLC’s policies with respect to such third-party links, as stated in the Legal Notice of the Website.

Security of Collected Information
It is our intent to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you. We maintain appropriate physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect your personal information from unauthorized or inappropriate access. We restrict access to personal information about you to those CTLC workers who need to know the information to respond to your inquiry or request. However, we cannot warrant the security of personal information and you provide your personal information to us at your own risk. We employ reasonable security measures to protect the security of the information you submit to us. We limit the information we provide to outside companies with whom we contract to only what they need to carry out their responsibilities and require that they maintain your personal information using safeguards at least comparable to those we use.

Access to Collected Information
You may review and update the information that you provide to us through this Website by contacting us as described below.

Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please use the Contact Us page. We welcome your questions and suggestions about our Privacy Policy.

Changes to this Policy
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion to make changes to this Privacy Policy, When changes are made, we will change the “Revised as of” date at the top of the Privacy Policy so you will know when the changes became effective. Changes to the Privacy Policy become effective upon posting and updating the “Revised as of” date. You should periodically review the Privacy Policy to be informed of any changes as you are bound by the terms of the Privacy Policy in effect when you visit this Website.

