Lamar Privacy Policy
Last updated as of: October 24th, 2011

This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) informs you of Lamar and it’s affiliates’ policy with respect to the online collection, use, and disclosure of personal information on the websites owned or managed by Lamar Media Corp. or its Affiliates (“Lamar”) and that link to or reference the Privacy Policy (each individually a “Website” and collectively the “Websites”). As used in the Agreement, the term “Affiliates” means, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with Lamar Media Corp. The term “control” (including, with correlative meanings, the terms “controlled by” and “under common control with”) as applied to any Person means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities or other ownership interest. The term “Person” means any individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, unincorporated organization or association, any trust, or any other business entity.

Modification of Privacy Policy
Lamar may amend, change, modify, add, or remove provisions of this Privacy Policy. Any changes to the Privacy Policy will be posted on this site. You are encouraged to check this site from time to time. By continuing to access or use of the Website following the posting of any amended, changed, or otherwise modified provisions to the Privacy Policy, you acknowledge that you agree with the changes, modification, and amendments.

Information Collected and Stored Automatically
If you do nothing during your visit but browse/search through the website, read pages, or download information, Lamar will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. Lamar automatically collects and stores only the following information about your visit:
The Internet domain and IP address from which you access the Website
The type of browser and operating system used to access the Website
The date and time you access the Website
The length of time you spent on the Website
The pages you visit
The search term(s) used in our search engine
If you linked to the Website from another website, the address of that website.
The above is collectively referred to as “Usage Information.” The Usage Information is used to make the Website more useful to visitors, to learn about the number of visitors to the Website and the types of technology that visitors use.

Types of Information Collected
The Website has certain areas where you may submit information. “ Personal Information,” as used in this Privacy Policy, means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, your name, company name, address, telephone number, email address, and other information that personally identifies you or would permit Lamar to contact you. Personal information does not include cookies or Usage Information. 

The Websites do not target and are not intended for children under the age of 13. Lamar does not knowingly solicit personal information from children under the age of 13 or send them requests for personal information. No information should be submitted to Lamar by a child under the age of 13.

IP Address and Log Files
Lamar may use your IP address and Usage Information to administer the Websites, to help diagnose problems with servers, to analyze trends, to track users’ webpage movements, to help identify you, and to gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.

Cookies
The Website may use technology called a “cookie” to collect information about how you use the Website. Cookies reside on your computer and help the Website to recognize your computer’s browser as a previous visitor. In addition, on occasion, the Website may also set a “session cookie” which helps Lamar administer the Website. The session cookie expires when you close your browser and does not retain any information about you after it expires.
Information You Voluntarily Provide
If you choose to provide Lamar with Personal Information by sending an e-mail to Lamar or by filling out a form with your Personal Information and submitting it through the Website, Lamar will use that information to respond to your message, to fulfill your request, and to assist Lamar in providing you with information.

Lamar does not disclose, share, release, publish, disseminate, rent, or sell any Personal Information to any third parties.

Commercial Services
The Websites may offer products and/or services, which may be offered by Lamar. You may you use a customer order form on the Website to request information, products, and services. The customer order form may ask you to give Lamar contact information, financial information, such as a credit card number, and demographic information, such as your age or zip code.

Lamar will use the financial information provided on the customer order form to bill you for the products and/or services which you order. By providing your financial information and related Personal Information, you are authorizing Lamar to give that information to the merchant and/or the credit card company in order to confirm and fulfill your order. Lamar may use a third party to process online payments and therefore you authorize Lamar to transfer your financial information and related Personal Information to such third party to process your order. Lamar will use the Personal Information from the customer order form to fulfill your order.

Lamar may use the Personal Information to contact you when necessary.

Third Party Sites
While the Website may provide links to external sites as a matter of convenience, Lamar is not responsible for any third-party website, the privacy policy of any third party website, or how the third party treats information about their users. Lamar strongly advises that you review the privacy policy of any third party websites to find out how they are using your information.

Sharing of Information with Affiliates and for Mergers and Sales
In the event that Lamar is merged with another legal entity or in the event of a transfer of Lamar’s assets, Website or operations, Lamar may disclose or transfer your Personal Information as well as some or all of the information collected from the Website in connection with such merger or transfer.

Additionally, Lamar may share information with third parties on an aggregate or other basis that does not disclose your identity or contact information.

Legally Compelled Disclosure
Lamar may disclose Personally Information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservations or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or other governmental inquiry; (b) enforce any agreements, such as the website terms of use agreement; (c) take action regarding suspected illegal activities; (d) protect Lamar’s rights, reputation, and property, or that of Lamar’s affiliates, or the public.

Court of equity, such as U.S. Bankruptcy Courts, may have authority, in certain circumstances, to permit your Personal Information to be shared or transferred to third parties without your permission.

Consent to Processing
By providing Personal Information, you fully understand and unambiguously agree to the transfer of such Personal Information to, and the collection and processing of such Personal Information in, the United States. Your Personal Information will be stored and processed on Lamar’s computers in the United States. The laws on holding Personal Information in the United States may vary and be less stringent than laws of your state or country. Lamar will use commercially reasonable efforts to hold and transmit your Personal Information in a safe, confidential and secure environment. If you do not agree to your Personal Information being transferred or used in this manner, please do not submit Personal Information to Lamar or use the Website.