Johnson Outdoors Privacy Policy

Effective May 21, 2018, this Privacy Policy was updated to make it easier for you to understand what information Johnson Outdoors Inc. or its subsidiaries may collect about you, as well as better inform you of what steps we take to safeguard your information and your options to update, manage and delete your information.

Last Updated: May 21, 2018 
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes the information collected by Johnson Outdoors Inc., its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “Johnson Outdoors” or “we”, “us”, or “our”), how we use that information, and the choice and means you have for limiting the use and disclosure of your personal information. By visiting our websites or using our services or applications, you are accepting the practices described in this Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, please do not use the websites, services or applications.

Protecting your Privacy
Johnson Outdoors is committed to protecting individual privacy and values the confidence of its employees, customers, consumers, business partners and others. This Policy describes the type of information Johnson Outdoors may collect from you; how your information is collected, used, and safeguarded; and the choices you have regarding your information. 

This Policy applies to all personal information received by Johnson Outdoors in any format including electronic, paper or verbal. "Personal information" means any information or set of information that directly or indirectly identifies or is used by or on behalf of Johnson Outdoors to identify an individual. Personal information does not include information that is encoded or anonymized, or publicly available information that has not been combined with non-public personal information. "Sensitive personal information" means personal information that reveals race, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, or that concerns an individual's health. In addition, the Companies will treat as sensitive personal information any information received from a third party where that third party treats and identifies the information as sensitive.

Prior to collecting your personal information, Johnson Outdoors will provide you notice about the type of personal information collected, the purposes for which it is collected and used, and the types of non-Agent third parties to which Johnson Outdoors discloses or may discloses that information. Johnson Outdoors will also inform you about the choices and means Johnson Outdoors makes available for limiting the use and disclosure of your personal information. Johnson Outdoors will obtain assurances from its Agents that they will safeguard personal information consistently with this Policy. "Agent" means any third party that collects or uses personal information under the instructions of, and solely for, Johnson Outdoors or to which Johnson Outdoors discloses personal information for use on its behalf. Notice will be provided in clear and conspicuous language when individuals are first asked to provide personal information to Johnson Outdoors, or as soon as practicable thereafter, and in any event before Johnson Outdoors uses or discloses the information for a purpose other than that for which it was originally collected. Where Johnson Outdoors receives personal information from its subsidiaries, affiliates or other entities in the European Union or elsewhere, Johnson Outdoors will use and disclose such information in accordance with the notices provided by such entities and the choices made by the individuals to whom such personal information relates.

Johnson Outdoors will use personal information only in ways that are compatible with the purpose for which it was collected or subsequently authorized by the individual. Johnson Outdoors will take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is relevant to its intended use, accurate, and complete. 

Johnson Outdoors may at times contract with other companies that assist in making our services or applications available to you. In completing a transaction or utilizing one of our services, you may be redirected to one or more of these websites, each of which is governed by its own privacy policy and terms of conditions. For your security, these companies are bound by nondisclosure agreements or other contractual arrangements to provide privacy protection for your information. (See Sharing Personal Information below).

If you have any questions about this Policy, or the manner in which Johnson Outdoors uses personal information, we encourage you to contact us at DataPrivacy@johnsonoutdoors.com.

Consent to Collection and Processing Personal Information in the U.S.
Our websites may be operated, in whole or in part, from the United States. By using our websites, you consent to having your personal information transferred to and processed in the United States.

Personal Information Collected by Johnson Outdoors
Throughout our websites and applications there are forms that request information from you and/or allow you to purchase products and services. These forms typically ask for contact information (such as name, mailing address and email address), membership, login and password information and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date and verification code) required to process your order and ship products to you. Johnson Outdoors will collect similar information when processing orders via telephone. The provision of such information by you is entirely voluntary. If you elect or opt in to receive information from us, we will ask for a valid email address and telephone number so we can inform you of other products or services available or to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered. You may opt out of receiving future mailings from Johnson Outdoors by following the procedures detailed in the Choice/Opt Out section located below, on forms located on our website or in emails you receive from us or by contacting us at DataPrivacy@johnsonoutdoors.com. In certain cases, Johnson Outdoors, may forward purchasing and shipping information to vendors who ship products or provide services directly to consumers. Such third party vendors and suppliers are not bound by this privacy policy.

Information Collected When You Use Our Websites 
We collect and store certain other information automatically whenever you interact with our websites. For example, Johnson Outdoors may use cookies or similar files or scripts throughout our websites to enhance your convenience in using our websites, to improve search functionality or to hold information that you would otherwise need to re-key. Cookies are small text files that allow a website to store on a computer an identification code associated with you which can later be retrieved and associated with your visit to the website. If you do not wish to accept cookies from our websites, you may configure your web browser so that it does not accept cookies; however, you may lose certain functions available on our websites. Johnson Outdoors also uses one or more companies to place advertisements for our products and services and those of third parties on our websites and third-party websites.  Cookies and other technologies such as Web beacons or tags are used to measure the effectiveness of our ads and to determine the display of content and advertising to you based on your interests both on our websites, as well as on third-party websites where you may visit.  To support this interest based advertising solution, we, and companies who we have contracted with, may use anonymous information about your visits to our and other websites. The information collected and used by this process is always anonymous, and does not enable any third-party to identify you individually. Although it is our hope that you find the display of advertising to you based on your anonymous interests valuable, if you would prefer not to participate in the services offered through these solutions, you can always opt-out of this activity by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) website by clicking http://optout.networkadvertising.org or www.aboutads.info/choices/.

Johnson Outdoors' web servers also collect domain names and/or IP addresses of users to measure what pages and features are accessed by our visitors. Johnson Outdoors uses software such as Web Trends to collect and analyze this information. This information helps us administer the website, improve content and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. Johnson Outdoors links IP addresses to personally identifiable information submitted to Johnson Outdoors. This information is used to verify whether a visitor has opted in to receiving additional information from Johnson Outdoors.

Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under 13. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information through one of our Websites, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases. In the event that Johnson Outdoors learns it has collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, Johnson Outdoors will delete that information from its database as soon as reasonably possible.

Use of Personal Information
We may use your personal information to provide the products and services that you have ordered or requested, to process and ship orders, to provide customer service, to provide other services to you, and to personalize our websites, our communications with you, and your shopping experience. The information we collect may be combined with information obtained from companies within the Johnson Outdoors family and from other companies. We may also combine this information with other information we collect as you interact with our brand across apps, social media and marketing messages we send you. 

Sharing Personal Information
Except as described in this Policy, we will not disclose your personal information outside of Johnson Outdoors without your consent. Johnson Outdoors shares certain personal and/or financial information with its merchant account and banking vendors to process orders and payments and with common carriers to ship products to you. We may hire other companies to provide services on our behalf, such as marketing, analytics, credit card processing, shipping, stocking orders, providing customer service, and fraud protection. These service providers have access only to such personal information needed to perform their functions, pursuant to contractual agreements with Johnson Outdoors, and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of your information. They are restricted from using, selling, distributing or altering this data in any way other than to provide the requested services. 

Johnson Outdoors may share customer and consumer information within our family of companies for a variety of purposes, including to provide you with the latest information about our products and services and offer you our latest promotions. Depending on the country in which you are located, your personal information may be transferred to another country for data storage and processing. When we transfer personal information, we use commercially reasonable efforts to transfer the information in compliance with all applicable data protection laws.

We may access or disclose information about you, including the content of your communications, in order to: (a) comply with the law or respond to lawful requests or legal process or (b) to the extent permitted by applicable law, rule, or regulation. This Policy does not apply to information posted by users to publicly accessible portions of our websites, including but not limited to, online forums, bulletin boards, dealer listings or online auction services.

Retention and Storage of, and Access to, Personal Information
Johnson Outdoors retains your information for business purposes, for as long as your account is active, and/or as long as is reasonably necessary to provide you with our products and services. Johnson Outdoors will also retain your information as reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. We may also retain cached or archived copies of your information for a reasonable period of time.  You may also request access to or that we correct, amend, or delete certain personal information in our customer databases by contacting Johnson Outdoors. No fee will be charged for such requests. Johnson Outdoors will make reasonable efforts to comply with your request to delete your information unless we have a legitimate business or legal purpose to retain such information. We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical.

Security
We are committed to preventing others from unauthorized access to the personal information you provide to us, and have put in place reasonable technical and organizational security measures to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control. Nevertheless, such security measures cannot prevent all loss, misuse or alteration of personal information and we are not responsible for any damages or liabilities relating to any such incidents to the fullest extent permitted by law. In the case of a data breach, we will notify you without delay of any loss, misuse or alteration of personal information that may affect you. We will notify relevant regulatory bodies within the timeframe required by the applicable data protection laws.

We suggest that you install anti-virus software on your computer and routinely check for viruses, keyloggers, spyware and other programs that may become installed on your computer without your permission. If you believe that you have received a virus from Johnson Outdoors, please contact us as soon as possible so that we may take remedial measures to remove the virus. 

Johnson Outdoors does not send emails to customers requesting billing, login or password information. If you receive an email purporting to be from Johnson Outdoors that asks you to provide personal or account information, or login and passwords, do not provide such information unless you have first verified that the website or email is from Johnson Outdoors. Such emails may be fraudulent and used in connection with scams known as phishing. Johnson Outdoors asks that you report any suspicious emails or websites to Johnson Outdoors.

Johnson Outdoors conducts compliance audits of its relevant privacy practices to verify adherence to this Policy. Any employee that is determined to be in violation of this policy will be subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment.

Links
Johnson Outdoors websites may contain links to other websites not affiliated with Johnson Outdoors, including websites of Johnson Outdoors' vendors and service providers. These other websites are governed by separate privacy policies and terms and conditions. Johnson Outdoors is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites. By including links to other websites, we neither endorse such sites nor guarantee that the information they contain is accurate. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site to read the privacy statements of every linked website as the privacy policies and terms and conditions of each other website may differ from ours. This privacy statement applies solely to websites, services or applications owned, offered or operated by Johnson Outdoors.

Monitoring
Johnson Outdoors is under no obligation to monitor the conduct of its website users, but it may investigate and respond if violations are reported. Johnson Outdoors reserves the right to delete, remove or exclude any listing or information, in its sole discretion, that does not meet its intent and guidelines for the services offered on the website.

European Union and Swiss Residents
Johnson Outdoors is a global business.  To offer our products and services, we may need to transfer your personal information outside the European Union and Switzerland. If you choose to provide Johnson Outdoors with your information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States.  We comply with applicable laws when transferring personal information outside the European Union and Switzerland.  Any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of your information should be directed to Johnson Outdoors by sending us an email at DataPrivacy@johnsonoutdoors.com. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of your information in accordance with this Policy. Any dispute involving European Union or Swiss residents will be resolved in accordance with requirements of the General Data Protection Regulations, or applicable data privacy law. For clarity, this provision applies only to residents of the European Union and Switzerland. 

Changes to Privacy Policy
In the future, Johnson Outdoors may offer new and different programs that necessitate a change in this Policy. Johnson Outdoors reserves the right to change its privacy policy at any time without prior notice. When we post changes to this Policy, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of this page. Any changes to the Policy will be effective immediately upon posting. We encourage you to periodically review this Policy to remain informed of how Johnson Outdoors is protecting your information.

Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Policy, and Johnson Outdoors' collection and use of customer information, shall be governed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the United States and the state of Wisconsin. Any disputes arising out of this Policy shall be adjudicated in a court of competent jurisdiction in the Eastern District of the state of Wisconsin.

Governing Language
Any translation of this Policy is done for local requirements and in the event of a dispute between the English and any non-English versions, the English version of this License Agreement shall govern.

Choice/Opt Out and Contact Information
You may request copies of or have Johnson Outdoors make changes or corrections to personal information in Johnson Outdoors' possession by contacting Johnson Outdoors at DataPrivacy@johnsonoutdoors.com. You may opt out of receiving further communications from us or others on forms located on our website, in emails you receive from us, or through any of the following methods:

By Mail:        
Johnson Outdoors Inc.
Attn: Director, Business Solutions 
555 Main Street
Racine WI 53403
United States of America 
By Email:      DataPrivacy@johnsonoutdoors.com  
By Telephone:     262-631-6600 
 