Bob Evans Restaurants, LLC Privacy Policy
Last Updated and Effective as of: July 6, 2018
Bob Evans Restaurants, LLC (“Company”, “we”, “our” or “us”) understands that privacy is important to our visitors. We have created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy. The Privacy Policy below discloses our practices regarding information collection and usage solely for the website located at www.bobevans.com, http://careers.bobevans.com and https://bobevansstore.wgiftcard.com (the "Website") and the services offered on the Website (the service and the Website shall collectively be referred to as the “Service”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other websites, apps or services provided by us, our affiliates or clients, unless it appears on such website, app or service.

BY USING OUR SERVICES AND ACCESSING OUR WEBSITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY OUR PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE OUR WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES.

Categories of Personally Identifiable Information That We Collect: We do not collect personally identifiable information about you unless you voluntarily submit that information to us, such as through our contact pages, by e-mail, by joining our email club, by seeking employment with us, by placing an order, by purchasing a gift card, and/or responding to a contest, survey, sweepstakes or other promotional feature or participating in other activities, services, features or other resources available on via our Services. The personally identifiable information which you may provide to us could include your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and/or payment information.

Non-Personal Or Aggregate Information That We Collect: When you visit or use the Website, we may automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information about you, such as the type of browser or device operating system you use, the domain name of the website from which you linked to us, the amount of time you spend on the Website and the pages on the Website that you view. We may also aggregate information collected from our users (such as the number of users in a particular region or having particular characteristics).

Use of Your Information: We may use your personally identifiable information in the following ways, or any type of use to which you have specifically consented, either at the time the information is collected or through some other form of consent from you or notification to you:

to operate the Website and provide you with information or services that you have requested (e.g. a newsletter, purchase receipts);
to add you to our mailing lists and to send you emails from time to time;
to respond to specific queries you may raise regarding Company and/or its products;
to provide you with better ways of accessing information from this Website;
to process your purchase transactions;
to ask for rating and reviews of services or products;
to process your job application.
We may use tracking information and other non-personally identifiable information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, such as to serve targeted advertising content to you (as described below in the Interest Based Advertising section) and for any other business purposes permitted by law. Finally, we reserve the right to supplement your personally identifiable information with information we gather from other sources which may include information we gather from online and offline sources.

Sharing of Your Information with Third Parties: We may send your personally identifiable information to other group companies, affiliates and third parties to help us process your personally identifiable information. We may also permit our vendors and subcontractors to access your personally identifiable information, but they are only permitted to do so in connection with performing services for us. They are not authorized by us to use personally identifiable information for their own benefit. Our key vendors include Olo and TalentReef. Please visit their websites for their respective privacy policies.

Additionally, we may disclose your personally identifiable information in connection with a bankruptcy proceeding or if we or any of our assets or divisions are the subject of a sale or similar corporate transaction, including without limitation a merger, acquisition or change of control.

We may also disclose personally identifiable information to third parties when we reasonably believe we are required by law or legal process, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual unlawful or otherwise prohibited activities, including, but not limited to, fraud, harassment or other violations of law or the policies of the Website.

For the avoidance of doubt non-personal or aggregate information may be shared with any number of parties, provided that such information shall not specifically identify you.

Interest Based Advertising: We may ourselves, or with third party vendors, use non-personally identifiable information in connection with our own or vendor information to deliver targeted advertising to you when you visit other websites or our Service. Cookies, clickstream data, and other similar technologies described in this Privacy Policy may be used in this process. We believe that interest based advertising (also known as behavioral advertising) is helpful because you will see advertisements that are relevant to your interests. However, if you would like to opt out of these interest-based advertisements, please follow the opt-out process described below under “Opt-Out.”

Cross Device Matching: We use non-personally identifiable information to facilitate cross device association. We or our third party vendors analyze device activity data using a mathematical tool known as a “probabilistic algorithm” to determine if you have interacted with content across multiple devices and to match such devices. In connection with this analysis, we may rely on non-personally identifiable information (including demographic, geographic and interest-based data) from third parties such as data vendors, pursuant to their own privacy policies or we may use the non-personally identifiable information we collect in conjunction with such third party data. Based on this data, we may then display targeted advertisements across devices that we believe are associated and may provide other services to our advertisers such as tools, analyses, data and insights to see how their website or mobile applications are used and to further enable the display of targeted advertisements to you, including across your devices. For further instructions on restricting our use of certain cross-device data, please see “Opt-Out”,” below.

Cookies and Similar Technologies: We may store some information on your device or device hard drive as a "cookie" or similar type of file (such as clear gifs, web beacons, tags, and similar technologies that work on mobile devices) to collect data related to usage of the Website and for the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your communication and interaction with the Website. Such data may include, without limitation, the address of the websites you visited before and after you visited the Website, the type of browser you are using, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, what pages in the Website you visit and what links you clicked on. We use this information to help us maintain and enhance the efficiency and usefulness of the Website and may use it and other non-personally identifiable information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, such as to serve targeted advertising to you. However, some of the information we collect may include data or identifiers associated with your device that are unique to your computer or device (e.g., IDFA for iOS and Android ID for Android).

We may also use and place cookies on your device from our third party service providers in connection with the Website, such as an analytics provider that helps us manage and analyze Website usage. We use session ID cookies and persistent cookies. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. Our persistent cookie remains active on your hard drive for up to 20 minutes. We set a persistent cookie to enable us to track and target the interests of users to enhance the services we provide.

If you want to stop or restrict the placement of cookies or flush any cookies that may already be on your computer or device, please refer to and adjust your web browser preferences. Further information on cookies is available at www.allaboutcookies.org. By deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our Website or some of its functionality may be affected. Cookies and similar items are not used by us to automatically retrieve personally identifiable information from your device without your knowledge. Please be advised that certain third parties that are beyond the scope of this Privacy Policy, such as advertisers, may collect information in connection with the Website. We are not responsible for the acts or omissions of such third parties.

We may also collect and use clickstream data, which can tell us the type of device and browsing software you use and the address of the website from which you linked to the Service.

Security: We have undertaken and will undertake commercially reasonable efforts designed to prevent unauthorized access to user data retained in our servers, however, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information provided online.

Data Retention: We will retain your information for as long as your account or inquiry is active or as needed to provide you with the Website and for a reasonable time thereafter in accordance with our standard procedures or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements. Even if we delete some or all of your personally identifiable information, we may continue to retain and use aggregate or anonymous data previously collected and/or anonymize or aggregate your personally identifiable information. Please note that we will not be liable for disclosures of your data due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties.

Other Websites, Apps and Services: As a convenience to you, we may provide links to third party websites, apps or services from within the Website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third party sites, and by providing a link we are not endorsing or promoting such third party sites. When you link away from our Website, you do so at your own risk. We encourage you to read the policies and terms of every website, app or service you visit.

Social Networking Services: The Website may integrate with social networking services. You understand that we do not control such services and are not liable for the manner in which they operate. While we may provide you with the ability to use such services in connection with our Website, we are doing so merely as an accommodation and, like you, are relying upon those third party services to operate properly and fairly.

You should be aware that personally identifiable information which you voluntarily include and transmit online in a publicly accessible blog, social network or otherwise online may be viewed and used by others. We are unable to control such uses of your personally identifiable information, and by using such services you assume the risk that the personally identifiable information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties.

Information Relating to Children: To ensure compliance with federal law, the general portions of this Website do not knowingly collect or maintain information provided by children under the age of 13.

Communications with Us or Through Our Website: By providing your email address to us, you expressly consent to receive emails from us. We may use email to communicate with you, to send information that you have requested or to send information about other services provided by us, provided that, we will not give your email address to another party to promote their products or services directly to you without your consent or as set forth in this Privacy Policy. Any communication or material you transmit to us by email or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, are and will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. Except to the extent expressly covered by this policy, anything you transmit or post may be used by us for any purpose, including but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting.

Changes to Privacy Policy: We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this Privacy Policy at any time. However, if at any time in the future we plan to use personally identifiable information in a way that materially differs from this Privacy Policy, we will post such changes here or email you. We encourage you to periodically review the Website for the latest information on our privacy practices. You are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when you use the Website after such changes have been first posted.

Opt-Out: To opt-out of any future email promotional messages from us, you should send an unsubscribe request to us at guestrelations@bobevans.com. We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt. However, we are not responsible for removing your personally identifiable information from the lists of any third party who has previously been provided with your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy or your consent. Please note that if you opt out in this manner, certain aspects of the Website may no longer be available to you.

As noted above, you may opt-out of or restrict the placement of cookies on your device or remove them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on many mobile devices. However, on many mobile devices, application users may opt out of certain mobile ads via their device settings.

Interest Based Advertising Opt Out: We may, and may work with third parties, to use non-personally identifiable information to delivery targeted advertisements to you based upon your online activities and other information. The online advertising industry provides a service through which you may opt-out of receiving targeted ads from certain data partners and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. We comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising set forth by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). You can opt-out of targeted advertising from certain providers at www.aboutads.info/consumers.

Please note that by opting out, you will continue to see generic advertising that is not tailored to your specific interests and activities. To be clear, cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted out on your device browser, that opt-out will not be effective on your mobile device. You must separately opt out on each device. However, once you have opted out on one device (“Opted-Out Device”), we will not use any new data from the Opted-Out Device to identify you on another device for interest-based advertising purposes and we will not use data from another device for interest-based advertising purposes on the Opted-Out Device.

Do Not Track: Please note that we do not respond to or honor “do not track” (a/k/a/ DNT) signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.

United State of America: Our Website is maintained in the United States of America. By using the Website, you freely and specifically give us your consent to export your personally identifiable information to the USA and to store and use it in the USA as specified in this Privacy Policy. You understand that data stored in the USA may be subject to lawful requests by the courts or law enforcement authorities in the USA.

Contact: If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy practices, please contact us at guestrelations@bobevans.com.

8111 Smith's Mill Road
New Albany, Ohio 43054
1-800-939-2338

If you have questions or concerns about Bob Evans business practices, please call the Ethics Hotline at 1-866-525-5214.

