Sonic Privacy Policy – Your Privacy Rights
Effective Date May 18, 2017

This Privacy Policy applies to how Sonic uses your information.
This Policy describes how we treat personal information we gather through our Sonic websites, mobile/tablet applications (“app”), loyalty programs, stored value cards, email messages, and other digital or online programs or services (the “Platforms”). This policy does not apply to our treatment of information we gather elsewhere.

We collect information from and about you.
We collect contact information. For example, we might collect your name, street address, and email address when you register for loyalty programs or register you My SONIC® stored value card.

We collect information you submit or post. This information may include remarks, photos and images. We collect the information you post in a public space on our Platforms. This might include our social media pages on third party websites. We also collect information when you contact us through our Platforms, such as our program website.

We collect payment information. For example, we might collect your credit card information when you make a purchase or load your My SONIC card.

We collect demographic information. We may collect information like your gender and age.

We collect other information. If you use our program website, we may collect information about the browser you’re using. We might look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us. If you use our mobile app or mobile website, we may collect your GPS location. For example, we may collect your GPS location if you request we locate a Sonic near you. We might look at how often you use the app and where you downloaded it.

We collect information in different ways.
We collect information directly from you. For example, we collection information directly from you when you register to participate in a loyalty program, when you register your My SONIC card or when your sign up for our mobile app. We also collect information if you contact us or interact with us through other Platforms, such as the program website. We also collect information about purchases you make through our Platforms, including when you load your My SONIC card.

We collect information from you passively. We use tracking tools like browser and flash cookies. If you use our mobile app, we may collect your GPS location. We might look at how often you use the app and where you downloaded it. We might also look at the device and operating system you use and how you interact with our digital media.

We get information about you from third parties. For example, our business partners may give us information about you.

We use information as disclosed and described here.
We use information to respond to your requests or questions. . For example, we might use your information to respond to your questions or comments. We might also send you emails or newsletters you ask for. We might also use your information to send you a replacement My SONIC card or to tell you if you win a sweepstakes. We may also use your information to complete your purchase. This includes to notify you if you place an order through us.

We use information to improve our products and services. We may use your information to make our Platforms and products better. We might use information to track your behavior across multiple platforms or devices. We might use your information to customize your experience with us. We may combine information we get from you with information about you we get from third parties.

We use information for security purposes. We may use information to protect our company, our customers, and our website.

We use information for marketing purposes. For example, we might provide you with information about new products and special offers. These may include text messages or messages in social media. We might tell you about new features or updates. We may also use push notifications on our mobile apps.

We use information to interact with you on our Platforms and to communicate with you about your account or our relationship. We may contact you about your account or feedback or to provide you with special offers. We may contact you by email or by text. We might also contact you about this Policy or our Terms of Use for Sonic Online Services. We may also use push notifications on our mobile apps.

We use information as otherwise permitted by law.

We may share information with third parties.
We will share information within our company. This includes to our affiliates and related entities.

We will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, we share information with vendors who send emails and special offers for us. We may also share information with companies that operate our website or other Platforms.

We share information with others for their marketing purposes. For example, we might share your information with a trusted business partner. These companies might send you their own marketing information.

We will share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves. For example, we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may share it if a government agency or investigatory body requests. We might share information when we are investigating potential fraud. This might include fraud we think has happened during a sweepstakes or promotion.

We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business was sold we may give our customer list as part of that transaction.

We may share information for other reasons we may describe to you.

You have certain choices about sharing and marketing practices.
You can opt out of receiving our marketing emails. To stop receiving our promotional emails, follow the “unsubscribe” instructions in any promotional message you get from us. Don’t worry! Even if you opt out of getting marketing messages, we will still send you transactional messages. These include responses to your questions or other necessary information about your account.

You can opt out of push notifications from our mobile app. To do so, turn off notifications in your mobile device’s settings.

You can opt out of text messages. If you’re subscribed to Sonic’s texting program and would like to opt out, call 1-844-788-7525.

You can control cookies and tracking tools. Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies. How you do so depends on the type of cookie. Certain browsers can be set to reject browser cookies. To control flash cookies you can go here. Why? Because flash cookies cannot be controlled through your browser settings. If you block cookies on your browser, certain features on our sites may not work. To learn more about what we do with your information and your choices, click here.

Your privacy rights.
If you reside in California, you have the right to ask us one time each year if we have shared personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make a request, please call us or write to us at the address listed below. Indicate that you are a California resident making a “Shine the Light” inquiry.

These sites and children.
Our sites and apps are generally meant for adults. However, we might interact with kids online. An example is our SONIC Wacky App®. This section of the policy describes our privacy practices for kids’ information collection and use. For more information about the SONIC Wacky App®, please review the Privacy Policy contained within the App.

What We Collect From Children. We only request that kids give us what is reasonably needed for them to participate in special member’s only promotional offers. Information we collect might include your child’s nickname, email addresses, zip code, and full date of birth. We might also collect passive information like what activity the child did or what game the child played.

How We Collect Children’s Information. We collect this information directly from a child. We also collect information using passive tracking tools. We might also collect information from someone else. This might include a parent.

How We Use Children’s Information. Unless permitted by law, we use children’s information after getting parental consent. In some circumstances, we may not request parental consent. For example, if we are only going to use the information one time to respond to a direct request. Or if we are using information obtained from a child to get parental consent. We use children’s anonymous information to improve their experiences with our children’s app website and our programs. We might use information for security purposes. We also use children’s information as described in any request for parental consent.

Information Sharing and Platform Security. We will share children’s information if we’re required to by law. We will share it if Sonic transfers ownership. We will also share children’s usage information with vendors who help us run our programs. We do not currently have any platforms that are designed to let children make their information publicly available. We use industry standard security practices to protect information but we cannot guarantee that you are completely secure. This site may have links to other websites that we may not own or operate. Our privacy practices do not apply to those sites. We don’t have control over the content of those sites or their information collection practices.

Parent’s Rights. Under the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, you have the right to review and have any of your child’s information deleted. You also have the right to tell us to stop collecting or using your child’s information. To exercise these options, you can call us at, or write at the following address. Please reference “COPPA Information Request.”

SONIC® Wacky Pack® Kid’s Club c/o C3
10955 Granada Lane
Overland Park, KS 66211
Telephone: 1-800-452-6444
Email: sonickidsbirthdayclub@sonicdrivein.com

To learn more about how to protect your child online read the helpful information provided by the FTC.

We use standard security measures.
The Platforms and the Internet are not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Platforms and the Internet. This includes not sharing your passwords.

We keep personal information as long as it is necessary or relevant for the practices described in this Policy. We also keep information as otherwise required by law.

We store information in the United States.
If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States. This site is subject to U.S. laws, which may not afford the same level of protection as those in your country.

We may link to other sites or have third party services on our site we don’t control.
If you click on a link to a third party site, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This includes our pages on social media sites. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of these websites. Read the privacy policy of other websites and insurance carriers carefully. We are not responsible for these third party practices.

Feel free to contact us if you have any questions.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us by clicking here.

You can also write to us or call at:
300 Johnny Bench Drive
Oklahoma City, OK 73013
1-866-OK SONIC (657-6642)

We may update this Policy.
From time to time we may change our privacy policies. We will notify you of any material changes to our Policy as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our website. Please check our site periodically for updates.