Website Privacy Policy
In this Website Privacy Policy (“Policy”), we, Sigma Designs, Inc. and our subsidiaries, provide information about how we collect, use and transfer personally identifiable data from you, a web site visitor, through www.sigmadesigns.com, www.z-wave.com and other web sites that we operate and on which we post a direct link to this Policy (collectively the “Site”).

This Policy covers only data collected through the Site and not any other data collection or processing, including, without limitation, data collection practices of other web pages to which we link or data that we or our subsidiaries collect offline or through web sites, products, or services that do not display a direct link to this Policy.

Cookies
We may use cookies, web beacons or similar technologies to collect the information described above. A cookie is a small text file that may be stored on the hard drive of your computer or device when you access the site. We may also use cookies to make visiting and using our website easier. Cookies can help us see which parts of our website are the most or least popular and provide us with direction to improve our customer’s online experience. We do not and will not use cookies to retrieve personal information about you from your computer, unless you have provided us permission to do so. You are free to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on the site or take full advantage of all of our offerings.

Collection Purposes and Use of Data
We use the data we collect for the following general purpoeses (1) to administer, protect and improve our Site and our systems; (2) to better understand the preferences of our Site visitors; (3) to identify server problems; (4) to compile aggregated statistics about Site usage; and (5) to help personalize your experience of our Site.

Data Storage and Process
Sigma keeps data in California and Sigma also has servers, contractors and employees around in world in various locations, including, without limitation, other parts of the United States of America, Asia and the European Economic Area.

Children’s Privacy
The Site is intended for adults only. We do not intentionally or knowingly collect, personally-identifiable information from children under the age of 13 and we request that individuals under the age of 13 not submit any personal information on the Site.

Amendments and Modifications
Sigma reserves the right to change this Policy from time to time and in our sole discretion. We reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Policy at any time, but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the Policy the date it was last updated. When you visit the Site, you are accepting the current version of this Policy as posted on the Site at that time. We recommend that users revisit this Policy on occasion to learn of any changes.

Contact Us
Please feel free to contact us with any questions, comments, complaints or suggestions you might have regarding the information practices described in this Policy. E-mail us at : webmaster@sigmadesigns.com

Or you may write to us at Sigma Designs, Inc., 47467 Fremont Blvd, Fremont, California 94538.