Privacy Policy
xG Technology, Inc. (“xG Technology,” “us,” “we”) takes the privacy and protection of your personal information very seriously.

This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) is intended to inform you of our policies and practices regarding the information you submit to us by visiting the xG Technology website, located at www.xgtechnology.com, and/or using any of our services (“Services”) through the Website. Any capitalized term used but not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given in the xG Technology Terms of Use, which is available at wwww.xgtechnology.com/legal-notices/.

What This Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy describes xG Technology′s use of Personal Information and Anonymous Information that we collect when you use our xG Technology Services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the use of your Personal Information by third parties that xG Technology does not own or control, or to individuals that we do not control or manage.

“Personal Information” is information about you that is personally identifiable to you like your name, address, or e-mail address, as well as other non-public information that is associated with the foregoing.

“Anonymous Information” means information that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Information; Anonymous Information does not permit the identification of individual persons.

We collect and use Personal Information and Anonymous Information as described in this Privacy Policy from the users of our Website (“Users”).

By using the xG Technology Services or submitting Personal Information through our Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the processing of your Personal Information according to this Privacy Policy.

Your Personal Information may be processed by us in the country where it was collected as well as other countries (including the United States) where laws regarding processing of Personal Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country.

Personal Information We Collect
The Personal Information we gather from you helps us provide the xG Technology Services to you. To use the xG Technology Services, we may require you to register for the xG Technology Services by providing information such as your first and last name, place of business, business address, email address, phone number, and zip code.

Use of Information We Collect and Your Choices
In general, Personal Information that you submit to us is used by us to register you for the xG Technology Services and provide to you the Site Content and Services. We may use your Personal Information to improve the xG Technology Services by tailoring the features, performance, and support of the xG Technology Services, and offer you additional functionality.

We may also use your Personal Information to contact you regarding our products, services, special offers, and promotions. Out of respect for your privacy, we give you the option not to receive these types of communications. If you would like to cease receiving any such communications, you may notify us by sending an email to marketing@xgtechnology.com. After delivery of such notice to xG Technology, you may not use or download any of the Site Content or use the xG Technology Services unless you re-register on the Website and agree to receive such communications.

We may also send you administrative emails or other communications regarding our Services or notices of any updates to our Terms of Service or Privacy Policy. If you do not want to receive such e-mails, you must discontinue your use of our Website and/or Services.

We may create Anonymous Information records from Personal Information by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the information personally identifiable to you.

Disclosure of Personal Information
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not trade, rent, or share your Personal Information with third parties (except as described below) unless you ask or authorize us to do so.

We may provide your Personal Information to third party service providers who work on behalf of us or with us to provide some of the services and features of the xG Technology Services. Examples of such services include sending email, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, and providing customer service. However, these service providers do not have any independent right to share this information received from us in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.

Although we do not currently have a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control (collectively, “Affiliates”), we may in the future. We may share some or all of your Personal Information with these Affiliates, in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor, or agree to honor, this Privacy Policy.

In the event xG Technology goes through a business transaction such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your Personal Information will likely be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquiror of xG Technology or its assets may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. You hereby consent to xG Technology sharing your Personal Information under the above circumstances.

We may disclose your Personal Information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us or (b) to protect and defend the rights or property of us, visitors to our Website, Users using our Services, or third parties.

Links to Other Sites
The xG Technology Services contain links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by xG Technology. The provision of such links is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such websites or location or contents of such websites. We have no control over, do not review, and are not responsible for the privacy policies of or content displayed on such other websites. Please be aware that the terms of our Privacy Policy do not apply to any outside websites.

Privacy of Minors
We do not intentionally collect or maintain information in the Services from those visitors of our Services who are under 13 years old.

Security and Confidentiality
In order to offer you additional functionality, xG Technology has put in place commercially reasonable and appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. However, no company, including xG Technology, can fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Information.

Changes in this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is a living document. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to it, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy on the Website, and other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what Personal Information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

xG Technology, Inc.
240 South Pineapple Avenue, Suite 701
Sarasota, FL 34236
+1-941-953-9035

