Effective Date: May 18, 2018
Hi! Welcome to the TiVo Privacy Policy.
Contents
Introduction
Key Highlights of What You Are Consenting To
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
Information Generated by You
How We Use the Information We Collect
How We Share Your Information
How to Access, Update and Manage Your Information
Cookies and Similar Technologies
Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
Privacy Policy of Third Party Services
Transfer to Other Countries
Children
How Long We Keep Your Information
Security of Your Information
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Questions
Introduction
As you review our policy, keep in mind that when using any of our products or services or interacting with TiVo Corporation, TiVo
Solutions, Inc., or Rovi Corporation or any of our subsidiaries that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, “TiVo,” “we,” or “us”) or that do
not have a separate privacy policy, you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, processing, disclosure and use of your information
as described in this Privacy Policy. This includes any information you choose to provide that is deemed sensitive under applicable law.
If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, do not access or use the TiVo products, services or any other aspect of TiVo’s
business.
NOTE: Residents of the EEA should refer to TiVo’s Privacy Policy for Residents of the European Economic Area for the TiVo policy
that applies to the collection and use of their data.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party applications or software that integrate with TiVo products or services, or any other
third-party products, services, or businesses. TiVo products provided to you directly by your cable or satellite provider are subject to
their privacy policy (and not this Privacy Policy). Additionally, separate agreements will govern the delivery, access and use of TiVo
products and/or services as specified for such products (such as the terms of service governing the delivery of the TiVo Service, the
“TiVo User Agreement”).
Key Highlights of What You Are Consenting To
By using or interacting with TiVo products or services you are consenting to:
the use of cookies and automated information collection;
the transfer of your information outside of the country where you live;
the collection use, sharing and other processing of your information, including for analytics and advertising-related purposes;
and
the use of your information received from third-parties and affiliates.
In each case, you consent to the processing of data by the entities described in this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
Registration Data
When you sign up for a TiVo provided service or activate a TiVo product, we may ask you for information such as your username,
password, email address, address, country, date of birth or other demographic information. You may also choose to voluntarily add
other information to your profile, such as your mobile phone number. We will store the information provided on our systems and use it
for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy
Social Media and Profiles
For certain TiVo products and services, the information that we may ask you to provide could include name, gender, location, email
address, biographical information, and the movies and television shows that you like to watch. When you create such a profile, you may
be asked if you want your profile to be public or private. Unless you state that you want your profile to be private your profile will be
public, subject to applicable law.
To facilitate searching for and finding friends on some of TiVo's products and services, TiVo allows users to search for other members
using text searches, first and last name, email address, and by using other attributes. Users can invite friends to join certain TiVo
products and services by sending invitation emails via our automated invitation system. Where permitted by applicable law, TiVo stores
these email addresses so that the respondents may be added to the friend list of the member sending the invitations and to establish
relationships between users.
Automated Information Collection
When you use or interact with TiVo products or services, we may use a variety of technologies that collect information about how the
product(s) or service(s) is accessed and used. This information may include:
your type of subscription;
your interactions with TiVo products or services (such as how you use, watch, record, rate and interact with content);
TiVo device data (such as model number, software versions, and unique device identifiers);
location data (such as GPS data, zip code, and time zone);
cable service data (such as cable provider and cable channels);
data which may not directly identify you but is collected as you use our products and services which may include URL
information, cookie data, your IP address, network connection type and provider, and information related to searches or
recommendations on TiVo’s products and services;
functional data such as registration, system and performance data;
audio data (if you enable or utilize voice control functionality);
motion-generated or orientation-generated mobile sensor data (e.g. accelerometer or gyroscope).
Third-Party Application Data
You may integrate your TiVo account with certain third-party applications, websites, and services (“Third-Party Applications”). These
Third-Party Applications may have their own terms and conditions of use and privacy policies and your use of these Third-Party
Applications will be governed by and subject to such terms and conditions and privacy policies. In order to enable this functionality, you
will be prompted to allow such Third-Party Applications to connect with your TiVo device or account. Once you have enabled this
functionality, TiVo will collect, process, and share data with the Third-Party Application that you have authorized. If you do enable your
TiVo account with any Third-Party Applications, we may receive information related to your interactions with TiVo products or services
through the Third-Party Application, as well as information about your publicly available activity on the Third-Party Application or
information you have consented for the Third-Party Application to share with TiVo. If you wish to stop the collection or sharing of
information with the specific Third-Party Application you have authorized, you need to disable the feature. TiVo does not endorse and is
not responsible or liable for the behavior, features, or content of any Third-Party Application or for any transaction you may enter into
with the provider of any such Third-Party Applications.
Information we collect from your account on a Third-Party Application with your consent may include data about you and your friends
from that service (such as what you or they have liked or shared). We may use cookies and other technologies to collect this
information; you can learn more about such use in the Cookies and Similar Technologies section of this Privacy Policy.
Functional Data
Certain categories of data collected by TiVo are necessary for your TiVo device or the TiVo service to perform its functions and you will
not be able to opt out from this data collection, sharing and/or processing. Data falling into these categories is referred to as “Functional
Data.”
Audio Data for Voice Control Functionality
If you utilize a TiVo device with voice control functionality, then upon activating voice control the TiVo device begins recording. The TiVo
device will only record while you have the voice control activated. The recording is collected by TiVo and/or its service provider. The
actual recording of your voice command is then processed by TiVo and/or its service provider to provide the requested functionality.
Your Mobile Device
If you download or use our mobile applications(s), we may collect, either through your mobile device or the application itself, your
mobile device identifier, hardware model, operating system version or mobile network information (as well as any registration data you
provide to us). We may also collect geolocation information, which may be used for operational and product- or service-related
purposes, such as to customize information based on your location.
Payment Data
If you subscribe to the TiVo service or make other purchases through a TiVo product, TiVo service, or through a TiVo sales specialist,
your credit or debit card information (such as card type and expiration date), billing address, shipping address, and other financial data
that we need to process your payment or purchase may be collected and stored by us and/or the payment processors with which we
work. We may also collect some limited information, such as your postal code, mobile number, and details of your transaction history. In
addition, the payment processors generally provide us with some limited information related to you, such as a unique token that
enables you to make additional purchases using the information they’ve stored, and your card’s type, expiration date, and certain digits
of your card number.
Sweepstakes, Contests & Surveys
From time to time, we may offer you the opportunity to participate in promotions such as sweepstakes, contests, offers, and/or surveys
(“Promotional Offers”). A Promotional Offer may be governed by a privacy policy and/or terms and conditions that are additional to, or
separate from, this Privacy Policy. If the provisions of the Promotional Offer’s privacy policy or terms and conditions conflict with this
Privacy Policy or the relevant user agreement or terms of service for the TiVo product or service that is offering the Promotional Offer,
those additional or separate provisions shall prevail. If you participate in a Promotional Offer, we may ask you for certain information in
addition to what is stated in this Privacy Policy, including personal information. That additional information may be combined with other
account information and may be used and shared as described in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise described in such Promotional
Offer’s privacy policy or terms and conditions.
Service Providers, Third-Party Advertisers, and Partners
We may also receive information about you from our service providers and partners, which we use to personalize your experience with
the TiVo service or use of TiVo products. Third-party advertising companies and business associates may share with us information
relating to the advertisements that they serve you including, without limitation, date and time of ad shown, the ad that was shown and
your IP address and your interactions with such advertisements. These third-party advertising companies and business associates may
use cookies, clear GIFs and anonymous information about your visits to TiVo’s websites and other websites to measure and improve
the effectiveness of their ads, promotions, products and services. We also use this information as explained in the How We Use the
Information We Collect section below.
Customer Support Correspondence
Except as provided herein, when you contact (including, but not limited to, telephone, email, or social media channels) our customer
support team, we will collect and store the contact information you give them, information about your TiVo product or use of TiVo
products or services. We will also store the communications you have with the customer support team and any information in those
communications in order to provide support and improve the products or services.
Information Generated by You
You may be able to post information (including profile information, unless you designate it as public or as private; as applicable) on
areas of a TiVo product or service that may be viewed by other users or the public. By posting information to areas that may be viewed
by other users or the public you are asking TiVo to make that information public. We may display this content on any of the TiVo
products and/or services and further distribute it to a wider audience through third-party sites or applications.
Please note that there are risks, including but not limited to the risk of physical harm, of dealing with strangers, including persons who
may be acting under false pretenses. Please choose carefully the information you post on any of the TiVo products or services and that
you give to other TiVo users. You are discouraged from publicly posting your full name, telephone numbers, street addresses or other
information that identifies you or allows strangers to find you or steal your identity. Despite this prohibition, other people’s information
may be offensive, harmful or inaccurate, and in some cases will be mislabeled or deceptively labeled.
YOU ASSUME ALL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH INTERACTING WITH OTHER USERS WITH WHOM YOU COME IN CONTACT
THROUGH TIVO PROPERTIES. WE EXPECT THAT YOU WILL USE CAUTION AND COMMON SENSE WHEN USING TIVO’S
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the information we collect to provide you with requested products and services, notify you of changes to our policies or
products, notify you of offers that may interest you, process your orders, assist you in purchasing TiVo products or services, activate
and renew your subscriptions, identify or troubleshoot issues, conduct surveys, improve the products and services we provide to you,
and otherwise operate our business.
BY ACCEPTING THE PRIVACY POLICY, YOU EXPRESSLY AUTHORIZE TIVO TO USE AND SHARE WITH OTHER AFFILIATES OF
TIVO, AS WELL AS CERTAIN TRUSTED BUSINESS PARTNERS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS, WHICH MAY BE LOCATED
OUTSIDE OF THE COUNTRY OF YOUR RESIDENCE (INCLUDING COUNTRIES WHICH DO NOT PROVIDE THE SAME LEVEL OF
PROTECTION FOR THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA AS THE COUNTRY OF YOUR RESIDENCE), THE INFORMATION
PROVIDED BY YOU TO TIVO, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE TO THE IMPORTANCE OF SHARING SUCH INFORMATION
FOR THE PROVISION OF THE TIVO PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. THIS CONSENT IS GIVEN FOR THE DURATION OF YOUR
RELATIONSHIP WITH TIVO.
Consistent with the permissions you give us to collect the information, we may use the information we collect, including your personal
information:
to provide you with a more personalized experience when using TiVo products and services, and improve your experience with
the products, services, and advertising (including third party products and services) made available in or outside the TiVo
product or service, for example by providing customized, personalized, or localized content, recommendations, features, and
advertising;
to analyze your viewing habits;
to analyze your usage of TiVo product and service features;
to ensure technical functionality of the TiVo products and services, develop new products and services;
to combine information we collect from your use of different TiVo products or services (for example, to allow us to make it
possible for you to start a show in one room and finish it in another);
to communicate with you for TiVo product or service-related (or research) purposes including via emails, notifications, or other
messages, which you agree to receive;
to communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, for marketing and promotional purposes via emails,
notifications, or other messages, consistent with permissions that you have communicated to use (as described in How to
Access, Update and Manage Your Information;
to enable and promote TiVo products and services and other services or products, either within or outside the TiVo products and
services, including features and content of the TiVo products and services and products or services made available through the
TiVo products or services;
to process your payment or prevent or detect fraud;
to enforce this Privacy Policy, terms of service related to a TiVo product or service you are utilizing (including, but not limited to,
the TiVo User Agreement), and any other terms that you have agreed to, including to protect the rights, property or safety of
TiVo and its affiliates, its users, or any other person, or the copyright-protected content of, or on, a TiVo product or service;
to provide you with features, information, support, advertising, or other content including content which is determined by your
location; and
as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy.
How We Share Your Information
User Consent or Direction
We may share or disclose your information at your direction, such as when you authorize a Third-Party Application to access your
account. Based on your permissions, information can be shared with Third Party Applications and with others through Third-Party
Applications. If you connect your TiVo account to a Third-Party Application, TiVo may automatically share your activity and actions-
relation to a TiVo product or service with that Third-Party Application, including the content you view.
You understand and agree that a Third-Party Application’s use of information collected from you (or as authorized by you) is governed
by the Third-Party Application’s privacy policies and your settings on the Third-Party Application’s service, and TiVo’s use of such
information is governed by this Privacy Policy and your TiVo account settings.
Marketing and Advertising
Where permitted by applicable law, we may provide third-party advertising companies and other business associates with information
that does not directly identify you. The third-party advertising and business associates may use that information to assist in targeting
advertising, promotions, products, or services.
Service Providers
We engage service providers to perform functions and provide services to us in the United States and other countries. For example, we
use a variety of third-party services to help provide TiVo services and to help us understand and improve the use of TiVo products and
services. We may share your personal information with such service providers subject to obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy
and applicable law.
We share your payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code and billing address with
payment service providers to process payments, prevent, detect and investigate fraud or other prohibited activities; facilitate dispute
resolution such as chargebacks or refunds; and for other purposes associated with the acceptance of payment.
Law and Harm
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is
reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; to protect the safety of any person; to
address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect our or our users’ rights or property. The foregoing notwithstanding, nothing in
this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objection that you may be entitled to raise to a third party’s, including a
government’s, request to disclose your information.
Business Transfers and Affiliates
In the event that we are involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or
transferred as part of that transaction. We may also disclose information about you to our corporate affiliates in order to help provide,
understand, and improve our and our affiliates’ products and services.
Non-Personal, Aggregated, or Device-Level Information
We may create non-personal, aggregated, or device level records (“De-Identified Data”) from personal information by excluding
information (such as your name) that makes the data identifiable to you. Once we create De-Identified Data this De-Identified Data is
our property. We use this De-Identified Data in many ways including analyzing request and usage patterns, creating reports and
performing analytics so that we may enhance the content of our products and services (or those of a third party), improve navigation,
and provide meaningful analysis of habits, usage, trends, and effectiveness of marketing campaigns etc. as part of our analytics and
other services. We reserve the right to use and disclose De-Identified Data to third-party companies in our absolute discretion.
How to Access, Update and Manage Your Information
If you are a registered user of TiVo products or services, we provide you with tools and account settings to access, correct, delete, or
modify the information you provided to us and associated with your account. You can access, update, and correct or delete
inaccuracies by logging into your account for the particular TiVo product or service. For example, to update or manage your information
related to a TiVo DVR product or the TiVo online service you may visit tivo.com.
CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF THE DATA THAT WE COLLECT, REFERRED TO AS FUNCTIONAL DATA, ARE NECESSARY FOR
YOUR TIVO PRODUCT TO PERFORM ITS BASIC FUNCTIONS IN A SECURE WAY AND YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO OPT OUT
OF THE COLLECTION OF THIS FUNCTIONAL DATA AND ITS USE TO PROVIDE THE DEVICE FUNCTIONALITY.
If you have questions about your privacy on TiVo products or services, this privacy policy, or information we have about you, please
contact us at privacy@tivo.com. You can also contact our privacy representative by sending a letter to TiVo, Attn: Privacy Officer, Legal
Department, 2160 Gold Street, San Jose, CA 95002, United States. We will respond to your request in a reasonable period of time
upon verification of your identity with local laws. We recommend you include documents that prove your identity and a clear and precise
description of the information which you request access.
Specific Information for various products or offered services:
TiVo Devices such as TiVo DVRs and Minis
You may opt out of having your viewing logs used in TiVo’s analytics business or sharing that de-identified information with third parties
by contacting TiVo Customer Support (support.tivo.com/ContactTiVoSupport) and requesting to opt out under the TiVo Privacy Policy.
Please note that the viewing logs are Functional Data, therefore while the data will not be used in the analytics business or shared in a
de-identified format with third parties it will still be collected and processed as necessary to continue providing you the TiVo service.
You can also cancel your TiVo account which will stop all data collection. If you call TiVo Customer Support at 1-877-367-8486 you may
request that your account be cancelled. Cancelling the TiVo service will stop your TiVo device from functioning. TiVo may, at its option,
delete all information for any cancelled accounts. To reactivate your TiVo account you should contact TiVo Customer Support; however,
if account information was deleted, reactivating an account may not be possible and a new account would need to be created. We
reserve the right (subject to applicable law) to decline requests that are impractical or may jeopardize the privacy of others.
TiVo Mobile Apps
If you do not want us to collect location data from a TiVo mobile app, you can disable location services on your mobile device. If you do
not want any data shared by the mobile app, please delete the app from your mobile device.
Marketing Emails
If you do not want to receive marketing emails from us, you can change your email preferences by logging into your account on
tivo.com or clicking on the included “unsubscribe” link (though you will still receive certain account-related emails). We will send you
marketing emails only where we are permitted to do so by applicable law.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
When you visit TiVo websites, we and our advertising partners may store and access information from your device, including "cookies",
clear GIFs (which are also sometimes called web bugs or web beacons) and browser details. We may collect information such as your
browser type, the type of operating system you use, the domain name of your Internet service provider, IP address, pages visited on
the site, services used and how you have used them. We and our advertising partners do this for a variety of purposes. In the case of
our advertising associates, this may include the personalization of advertisements based on your visits to sites in that party’s network.
Please note there is currently no accepted standard on how to respond to Do Not Track signals and that at least some of the TiVo
websites do not currently respond to a web browser’s Do Not Track instructions (i.e., “signal”). The industry is currently still working
toward defining exactly what Do Not Track means, what it means to comply with Do Not Track, and a common approach to responding
to Do Not Track. More information about Do Not Track can be found here. Additionally, we may use Google analytics. Google analytics
manages ‘Do Not Track’ instructions from your browser in accordance with its own privacy policies
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
Another example of how we use cookies might be to track the effectiveness of our marketing and advertising campaigns and to show
you TiVo ads on other websites after you have visited our website. Please note: if you continue to use this website, or any other TiVo
website, you are consenting to our use of cookies. Information about our use of cookies is contained in our Cookie Policy at
https://www.tivo.com/legal/cookies.
Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
We may partner with ad networks and other ad serving providers (“Advertising Providers”) that serve ads on our behalf and others’ on
non-affiliated platforms. Some of those ads may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on
information Advertising Providers collect about your use of the Site and other sites or apps over time, including information about
relationships among different browsers and devices. This type of advertising is known as interest-based advertising.
We adhere to the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") Self-Regulatory Principles in connection with this interest-based advertising
activity. You may visit www.aboutads.info to learn more about this type of advertising and how to opt out of this advertising on websites
by companies participating in the DAA self-regulatory program. If you delete your cookies or use a different browser or mobile device,
you may need to renew your opt-out choices exercised through the DAA tool. Note that electing to opt out will not stop advertising from
appearing in your browser or applications. It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests. Additionally, your browser may
offer tools to limit the use of cookies or to delete cookies; however, if you use these tools, our Site may not function as intended.
We may also work with third parties that collect data about your use of the Site and other sites or apps over time for non-advertising
purposes. We use Google Analytics and other third-party services to improve the performance of the Site and for analytics and
marketing purposes. For more information about how Google Analytics collects and uses data when you use our website, visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and to opt out of Google Analytics, visit tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Privacy Policy of Third Party Services
Our products and services may contain advertisements from third-party advertisers, which are companies other than TiVo that may link
to their own websites, online services, or mobile applications. Additionally, as discussed previously in this policy, you may choose to
integrate your TiVo account with Third Party Applications. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these thirdparty
advertisers or Third-Party Applications. If you have questions about how these third-party services use your information, you
should review their policies and contact them directly.
Transfer to Other Countries
TiVo transfers, processes, and stores information about our users on servers located in a number of countries. Accordingly, some of
your personal information may be used by us and our affiliates, subsidiaries and our suppliers who may be located in countries outside
the country where you are located for the purposes outlined in this policy. The data protection laws in these countries may not offer the
same level of protection as those in the country where you are located. Information collected within the European Economic Area
(EEA) may, for example, be transferred and processed by third parties, located in a country outside of the EEA, where you may have
fewer legal rights in relation to your information. By providing your personal information to us you understand and expressly consent to
us and our business associates and suppliers processing your data in any jurisdiction, including without limitation the United States of
America, in accordance with this privacy policy.
Individuals in the EEA and other countries may have certain statutory rights in relation to their personal data. Subject to any exemptions
provided by law, you may have the right to request access, seek to update, delete or correct this personal data.
Residents of the EEA, please refer to TiVo’s Privacy Policy for Residents of the EEA for TiVo’s policy related to the collection and use
of data.
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield
TiVo Solutions Inc. and its subsidiaries comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of
Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the EEA to the United States. To learn
more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website, http://privacyshield.gov. To
learn more about TiVo Solutions Inc.’s participation in the Privacy Shield Framework, please see TiVo Solutions Inc.’s Privacy Shield
Notice.
Data Protection Authority
If you are a resident of the EEA and believe we maintain your personal data within the scope of the General Data Protection Regulation
you may direct questions or complaints to privacy@tivo.com and direct such questions to TiVo’s Data Controller. Subject to applicable
law, you may (i) restrict TiVo’s use of information that is your personal data, and (ii) lodge a complaint with your local data protection
authority. If the TiVo data protection officer for EMEA region is unable to help you, we suggest you refer to your local privacy regulator
for help. For example, in the UK that would be the information commissioner’s office at: https://ico.org.uk/.
Children
The TiVo products and services are not directed to children under the age of 16 and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable
information from children under 16. If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personally identifiable information from a child under
16, we will take reasonable measures to remove that information from our records. If you are a parent of a child under age 16 and
become aware that your child has provided personally identifiable information to TiVo, please contact us at privacy@tivo.com and you
may request to exercise your applicable access, rectification, cancellation, and/or objection rights. If you are a California resident under
the age of 18 and you wish to remove publicly available content, please contact us at privacy@tivo.com.
How Long We Keep Your Information
How long we retain your information depends on why we collected it and how we use it. We will not retain your personal information for
longer than is necessary for our business purposes or for legal requirements.
Security of Your Information
We use commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information. However, due to the design of the
Internet, ever-changing technology and other factors outside of our control, we cannot guarantee that communications between you
and our servers will be free from unauthorized access by third parties or that we will not be subject to security breaches. We will have
no liability for disclosure of personal information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized or unlawful acts of third parties.
You are responsible for the security of your user name, ID and password for any of the TiVo products and services. Please take care
when using and storing them.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may update this policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new policy online on this page, and if the
changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy
changes). It is your responsibility to read this Privacy Policy carefully and review any changes that may have been made. Since
changes will be posted on this page, we encourage you to check this page regularly.
Questions
If you have any questions about this policy, please send an email to privacy@tivo.com, or send a letter to TiVo Attn: Privacy Officer,
Legal Department, 2160 Gold Street, San Jose, CA 95002-2160.