Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting a Warner Media, LLC website. Your privacy is important to us. We provide this Privacy Notice to explain our information practices and the choices you can make about the collection and use of (1) personal information collected from you on the Warner Media websites where this Privacy Notice is posted and (2) your business contact information, if collected elsewhere by Warner Media, LLC, Time Warner Limited or Time Warner Europe, Inc. (collectively, "Warner Media") in connection with our other business activities outside the United States.

The Information We Collect

In order to request information or materials about Warner Media, or to do business with us, you may choose to provide us with an email address and other contact information. Except where we state otherwise in the context of a particular request for personal information, you do not have a statutory or contractual obligation to provide us with any personal information, but if you do not provide us with certain information, we may not be able to honor your request (e.g., if you sign you up for updates). If you have any questions regarding whether provision of information is mandatory and the consequences for withholding such information, please contact us using the contact information below.

In addition, as is the case with many websites, our servers automatically collect your IP address when you visit our website, and we may associate that with your domain name or that of your Internet access provider. We may also capture certain “clickstream data” pertaining to your website usage. Clickstream data includes, for example, information about your computer or device, Web browser and operating system and their settings, the referring page that linked you to our website, the pages or content you see or click on during your visit and when and for how long you do so, items you download, the next website you visit when you leave our website, and any search terms you have entered on our website or a referral site.

We also collect business contact information from our affiliates, business partners, and publicly available sources such as company websites.

How We Use and Disclose This Information

We may use the information you provide us for our legitimate interests in providing and maintaining the website; responding to your inquiries about our services; sending you periodic updates about Warner Media or changes to this website; addressing information security needs; managing our business relationships; for analytics, research and reporting purposes; carrying out certain marketing activities; and enforcing the legal terms that govern our business. For some activities (such as certain marketing activities), we process personal information on the basis of consent. In some cases, we process personal information for purposes of a contract with the individual. We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our publications and websites and to enable us to personalize your internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze website usage.

We will use and disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or subpoena. We may also disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request; where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person; or in connection with potential or pending legal proceedings.

We may use third-party partners, vendors, or other service providers to help operate our business and deliver our websites, products and services, and may share your information with them. We also share personal information with our subsidiaries and affiliates.

In the event that Warner Media or all or substantially all of its assets relating to the website are acquired by one or more third parties as a result of an acquisition, merger, sale, reorganization, consolidation or liquidation, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets.

Data Transfers

Because we operate internationally, and many of our computer systems are currently based in the United States, your personal information will be processed by us in the U.S., where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Economic Area ("EEA") and Canada.

When we transfer personal information from territories in the EEA or with similar laws to our affiliates or service providers in the United States and elsewhere outside the EEA, we rely on approved data transfer mechanisms, including standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission or reliance on the recipient’s participation in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield program. EEA residents and other eligible individuals may request a copy of the standard contractual clauses relevant to their personal information, if any, using the contact information below.

Data Retention

We will hold the personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes set forth in this Privacy Notice or as long as we are legally required or permitted to do so. Your personal information may persist in copies made for backup and business continuity purposes for additional time.

Collection of Information by Third-Party Websites

Third-party websites linked to or from this website may have information practices different than ours. You should consult the other websites' privacy notices, because we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties. The inclusion of a link to a third-party website does not imply endorsement of the website by Warner Media or any association with the third-party website's operators.

Warner Media Affiliate Websites

Subsidiaries and affiliates of Warner Media maintain a large number of websites associated with our different businesses, brands and products that you may visit. The privacy policies of these other websites may differ from the policies and practices set forth in this Privacy Notice due to the nature of the other website and the information being collected. Please consult each website's privacy notice for details.

Privacy Options

You may opt-out of receiving marketing emails from us by clicking the unsubscribe function on emails sent to you.

Individuals in the EEA and some other jurisdictions outside the United States also have a right to opt out of all other processing of their personal information for direct marketing purposes. To exercise this right, eligible individuals may contact us as described at the end of this Privacy Notice.

Such individuals also have certain legal rights to obtain confirmation of whether we hold personal information about them, to access personal information we hold about them (including, in some cases, in portable form), and to obtain its correction, update, amendment or deletion in appropriate circumstances. They may also object to our uses or disclosures of personal information, request a restriction on its processing, or withdraw any consent, though such actions typically will not have retroactive effect.

Individuals may also contact the relevant supervisory authority with a complaint related to our handling of their personal information. However, we invite you to give us a chance to resolve the situation directly with you. Your privacy is important to us, and we will do our best to address any concerns.

Cookies and Other Technical Information

We may send "cookies" to your computer primarily to enhance your online experience. "Cookies" are files that can identify you as a unique user and store your personal preferences as well as technical information (including click through and clickstream data as described under “The Information We Collect” above). Cookies can either be permanent (i.e., they remain on your computer until you delete them) or temporary (i.e., they last only until you close your browser).

We may also use "Web beacons" that monitor your use of our websites. Web beacons (or Web bugs) are one-pixel transparent images (although they can be visible images as well) located on a Web page or in an e-mail or other type of message, and are hosted on a server enabling the verification of a user's viewing or receipt of a Web page or message. Web beacons can be used to track the IP (Internet Protocol) address or other identifiers of the computer or device that downloaded the page on which the Web beacon appears, the URL (Uniform Resource Locator) of the page on which the Web beacon appears, the time the page containing the Web beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to access the Web page containing the Web beacon and the identification number of any cookie on the computer or device previously placed by the server hosting the web beacon. When we correspond with you via HTML capable e-mail, Web beacons let us know whether you received and opened our e-mail. If you choose to furnish the website with personally identifiable information, this information can be linked to the data stored using cookies/Web beacons.

These tracking technologies may be deployed by us and/or by our service providers or partners on our behalf. In particular, we use Google Analytics to collect and monitor clickstream data as described under “The Information We Collect” above and “Cookies and Other Technical Information” below. To stop the use of Google Analytics in a particular browser, please follow the instructions at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

We do not honor Do Not Track headers transmitted by Web browsers.

You may adjust your browser to reject cookies from us or from any other website. If you have a Flash player installed on your computer, your Flash player may be able to be set to reject or delete Flash cookies. Click here for more information about Flash. Additionally, by setting your Web browser to display HTML e-mails as text only, you may be able to prevent the use of some Web beacons. However, certain areas of our websites may only be accessed in conjunction with cookies or similar devices, and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar devices might prevent you from accessing some of our content.

Our Commitment To Information Security

We take information security seriously and use reasonable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect online. Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice.

A Special Note for Parents

The website you are visiting is designed for a general audience and is not intended for use by children.

Changes To This Privacy Notice

This Privacy Notice may be changed by Warner Media at any time. The revised Privacy Notice will be posted to this page so that you are aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it. We encourage you to periodically check and review this page so that you know what information we collect, how we use it and to whom we disclose it. Under certain circumstances (for example, in connection with certain material changes), we may also elect to notify you of changes or updates to our Privacy Notice, or to request your consent for such changes where required by law, by additional means, such as posting a notice on the front page of our website or sending you an e-mail.

How To Contact Us

If you have any questions, requests or concerns concerning Warner Media’s handling of your personal information, please contact us via email by clicking here or as follows:

Warner Media, LLC
Attn: Legal Department
One Time Warner Center
New York, NY 10019

