PRIVACY POLICY
At Knight Transportation, your right to privacy and data security is our primary concern. That's why, when you visit us, we help you maintain control over sensitive data on the Internet. 

This statement discloses the privacy guidelines for our entire website. For more information about privacy or information usage guidelines, please contact us. 

We ask for specific types of information according to your level of site participation. In a few areas on our website, we ask you to provide information that will enable us to enhance your site visit, to follow up with you after your visit, provide notifications to you during an event, or follow up with you after the conclusion of an event. It is completely optional for you to participate. 

For example, we may request information from you when you:

Register on our site
Provide information for billing and shipping of ordered products or services
Provide feedback or request technical support
Participate in a promotional offer or contest
Request e-mail notification of billing/shipping status
In each of the instances above, we may ask for your name, e-mail address, phone number, address, and/or type of business as well as other similar information that is required to register you as a site user. We will inform you whenever there have been changes to the type of information required. In the case of e-mail notifications or mailing lists, you will be able to remove yourself from these mailings at any time by sending an e-mail to us with "notifications" in the subject header. 

We only use your information for specific purposes. The information you provide will be kept confidential except as required by law, and used to support your customer relationship with us. Among other things, we want to help you quickly find information and alert you to special offers, updated information and other new products and services. 

We may enhance, merge and disclose information (including information about you) in the aggregate and without identifying you personally for marketing and promotional purposes. 

We want to help you keep your personal information accurate. You have the option to correct factual inaccuracies or make changes to your information by sending an e-mail to us with "information correction" in the subject header. 

Customized Visitor Experience 

Internet technologies such as "cookies" help us determine which service and support information is appropriate to your system and assists us in delivering a customized visitor experience. A cookie is a very small text file placed on your hard drive by a Web Page server. Its basic purpose is to tell that server that you returned to a particular Web page. A cookie helps us "remember" who you are, and permits us to focus our efforts on information you need. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. We may use cookie technology to identify you anonymously in our database and to track the pages you visit on our site. Some of our business partners may use cookies. However, we have no access to or control over these cookies. 

IP Address Practices 

Our site also logs IP addresses for systems administration purposes. IP addresses are logged to track visitor sessions and to provide broad demographic information on which parts of our site are most heavily trafficked. IP addresses are not linked to anything personally identifiable. This means a visitor session will be tracked, but the user will be anonymous. 

Links 

The Knight Transportation Web Site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Knight Transportation is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site. Security 

We take every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information, your information is protected both online and off-line. 

When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with SSL encryption software. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just 'surfing'. 

While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment. 

General 

Unfortunately, due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your personally identifiable information and communications will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this privacy policy or not intended by us. By way of example, and without limiting the foregoing, we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions. We may also disclose any information about you, as you have authorized, to law enforcement or other governmental officials as we in our sole discretion, believe to be appropriate. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, nor should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or communications will remain private. 

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with us, please contact us at services@knighttrans.com

