The Goldfield Corporation is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of you, its customers and the users of this web site. In light of this commitment, The Goldfield Corporation adheres to the practices provided below.

The Goldfield Corporation does not disclose or sell any personal information about you without your prior approval, except as required by law and as requested by regulatory agencies and governmental authorities. The Goldfield Corporation uses the information collected on this web site only to better provide you with its services. From time to time, The Goldfield Corporation may change its privacy policy, and will make reasonable efforts to publish such changes. Furthermore, The Goldfield Corporation adheres to strict security procedures to more fully protect your information. 

Collecting and using personal information: When you submit personal information to The Goldfield Corporation, you are agreeing to permit The Goldfield Corporation and its subsidiaries and affiliates to access, store, and use the information wherever in the world The Goldfield Corporation and its subsidiaries and affiliates do business, both inside and outside the United States. In particular, The Goldfield Corporation may use your personal information for various business purposes, such as statistical analyses, generating surveys, doing market research, improving its services, and notifying you about services and changes that may affect you, among other business purposes all in an effort to better serve and provide you with the best service available.

In some cases, The Goldfield Corporation’s web site link to other sites that collect personal information by and for other parties. In these cases, the personal information you provide on those sites is governed by the privacy policy of that site. The Goldfield Corporation does not assume responsibility for the actions of other parties. However, The Goldfield Corporation will use reasonable efforts to maintain secure connections with you and limit access to databases containing your personal information to authorized parties, including our own employees, whose access to your information is on a need to know basis. As such, our employees are trained to protect your privacy. 

Controlling The Goldfield Corporation’s use of personal information: The Goldfield Corporation’s web site is primarily intended for adults and not children under 18. The Goldfield Corporation will not knowingly collect personal information from children without the consent of a child’s parent or guardian, and will not knowingly use or disclose personal information collected from children for any purpose. 

“Cookie” use: “Cookies” are small text files that are stored on your computer’s hard drive by a web site through your browser. “Cookies” enable a web site such as The Goldfield Corporation’s web site to keep track of your activities on that web site, and to improve your use of the site, such as by keeping track of your preferences. “Cookies” do not include any personal information. Additionally, you can change your browser settings on your personal computer so that “cookies” are not stored on your hard drive. 

Disclosure to government: The Goldfield Corporation reserves the right to monitor and disclose, without your consent, any communications or personal information, whenever requested to do so by courts, government agencies or by law enforcement authorities.

The Goldfield Corporation will use reasonable efforts to address concerns you may have about your personal information. You may contact The Goldfield Corporation by using the “Contact Us” area of the site.

