
PRIVACY NOTICE
Privacy Notice

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE SHARING ANY PERSONAL DETAILS OR INFORMATION WITH US.

In accordance with the provisions of the Federal Law for the Protection  of Personal Data in the Possession of Third Parties [Ley Federal de Protección de Datos Personales en Posesión de los Particulares] (hereinafter “Data Protection Law”), and with the aim of guaranteeing the privacy and the right to self-determination of the users of the web site www.asur.com.mx (hereinafter “Web Site”), our clients and/or any persons who have consented of their own free will to share personal data with us, we hereby notify the following:

Identity and Address of Responsible Party

Grupo Aeroportuario del Sureste, S.A.B. de C.V. (hereinafter “ASUR”), whose offices are located at Bosque de Alisos 47 A 4to piso, Bosques de las Lomas, Cuajimalpa, México, D.F., C.P. 05120, telephone (52+55) 5284-0400, shall be responsible for the handling, use, storage, and disclosure of personal data.

Personal Data Collected

ASUR may collect the following personal data: (i) name, (ii) postal address, (iii) company and position held, (iv) fixed and/or mobile telephone number, and (v) e-mail address.

In the case of persons seeking employment, the following personal data may also be collected by ASUR: (i) gender; (ii) date of birth; (iii) level of education; (iv) languages spoken and degree of proficiency; (v) curricular data, including work experience and areas of expertise; (vi) reasons for wishing to work at ASUR; and (vii) curriculum vitae.

Means by which Personal Data May Be Obtained

ASUR may obtain personal data by digital means, through use of the Web Site or via electronic communications sent to the company, as well as by correspondence, business cards, telephone communications, and any forms or employment application sent to the company.

ASUR does not obtain any data automatically through cookies or web beacons.

Purpose of Handling of Personal Data

The personal data collected by ASUR will be administered and handled in accordance with the company’s written procedures in order for the latter to render services, with the following purposes: (i) to establish contact with those persons who have requested us to do so; (ii) to send reports and communications regarding the company’s operations and financial results, among other aspects, to those persons who have requested us to do so; (iii) to respond to requests for information regarding the rendering of services; (iv) to respond to employment applications; (v) to process and follow up on services contracted with ASUR; (vi) to update the terms of the legal relationship between you and ASUR; (vii) to send invoices and clarifications, and to follow up on payment collections, and (viii) to send notifications regarding changes to this Privacy Notice.

In the event that you do not wish us to use your personal data for the purposes mentioned above, you may send us a statement to that effect by e-mail to the following address: datospersonales@asur.com.mx, by written correspondence addressed to Bosque de Alisos 47 A 4to piso, Bosques de las Lomas, Cuajimalpa, México, D.F., C.P. 05120, or by telephone (52+55) 5284-0400.

Any personal data collected shall be maintained in a database until such time as ASUR no longer considers them to be necessary for compliance of the purposes for which they were collected. Once this time period has elapsed, your data will be blocked and/or cancelled, and shall subsequently be eliminated in accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Law.

The personal data collected by ASUR shall not be transferred to any third parties, except as permissible under the Data Protection Law or any other applicable legislation or regulation.

Security Measures

ASUR shall adopt any and all required security measures, be they administrative, physical or technical, to safeguard the personal data that you voluntarily share with us, and to protect such data from any damage, loss, alteration, destruction or unauthorised use, access or handling. In the event that a third party, as permissible under the Data Protection Law, required access to said information, ASUR shall require any such third parties to comply in full with the terms of this Privacy Notice and to adopt the administrative, physical or technical security measures established in the Data Protection Law.

In the event that the relationship between ASUR and the owner of the personal data ends, ASUR shall continue to guarantee that any such data shall be handled with complete confidentiality.

Means by Which You May Exercise Your Right to Access, Rectify, Eliminate or Refuse Permission to Use Your Personal Data

You have the right to access the personal data held by ASUR in relation to you, to be informed of the details of how those personal data are handled, to rectify them in the event that they are incorrect, to require us to eliminate them if you consider them to be excessive or unnecessary for the purposes for which they were obtained, and to refuse permission for them to be used for specific ends.

In order to exercise the aforementioned rights, you may contact our Personal Data Department at Bosque de Alisos 47 A 4to piso, Bosques de las Lomas, Cuajimalpa, México, D.F., C.P. 05120, telephone (52+55) 5284-0400, or send an e-mail to the following address: datospersonales@asur.com.mx.

Any requests relating to the exercise of your rights must state the following: i) your name and contact details, in order for us to provide you with a response; ii) a copy of your voter identification card, passport, driver’s licence, professional licence or any other document that provides proof of your identity or of that of your legal representative and, in the event that the request is submitted via a legal representative, a copy of the latter’s power of attorney; iii) a clear, accurate description of the personal data in relation to which you wish to exercise your rights of access, rectification, elimination or refusal of permission to use; iv) any documents or other elements that facilitate the location of said personal data, and v) all other required information set forth by the Data Protection Law or other applicable legislation.

ASUR will respond to any request that meets the aforementioned requirements within a maximum period of 20 calendar days, or the maximum term permissible by law. ASUR’s response will indicate if the request for access, rectification, elimination or refusal of permission to use is legitimate and, if applicable, shall implement the request within a period of 15 calendar days following communication of the response, or within the maximum term permissible by law. The deadlines mentioned may be extended in accordance with the provisions of the applicable legislation.

If you require additional information regarding your rights to access, rectify, eliminate or refuse permission to use your personal data, please contact our Personal Data Department on telephone number +52(55) 52840400. If you so require, ASUR will provide by electronic means a list of the personal data the company holds with regard to you.

How You Can Limit the Use or Disclosure of Personal Data

You have the right to limit the use or disclosure of your personal data for any purposes that are not necessary for the development of our activities. If you no longer wish to receive information and/or news from ASUR, please send an e-mail to the following address: datospersonales@asur.com.mx, or contact our Personal Data Department at Bosque de Alisos 47 A 4to piso, Bosques de las Lomas, Cuajimalpa, México, D.F., C.P. 05120, México, D.F., with a statement to this effect in order for use to include your name on an unsubscribe list. You will be provided with confirmation thereof by electronic or physical means, at your discretion.

You are also informed that you have the right to prevent us from contacting you by telephone by registering on the Registro Público de Consumidores at the Procuraduría Federal del Consumidor. For further information, please consult www.profeco.gob.mx or call 01800 962 8000.

Transfer of Personal Data

The personal data collected by ASUR shall not be assigned, sold, shared or in any other way transferred, except as necessary in those cases set forth in the Data Protection Law. However, ASUR reserves the right to share your personal data with the company’s employees and business partners, or with third parties that handle your data on behalf of ASUR, provided that the provisions of this Privacy Notice and ASUR’s instruction are complied with. Please note that any third parties that handle your personal data shall do so on behalf of ASUR and shall be subject at all times to the stipulations of this Privacy Notice.

Web Sites that Are Not the Property of ASUR

The Web Site may contain links to other external web sites that are not the property of ASUR and which, therefore, have no relation to the company. We recommend that you read the privacy policies and terms of use of any such external web sites prior to making use of them.

Modifications to the Privacy Notice

The use of the Web Site implies your knowledge and acceptance of this Privacy Notice, which states the most recent update at the foot of the page. ASUR reserves the right to modify the terms and conditions of this Privacy Notice, provided that the updated terms and conditions are published at the following web address: http://www.asur.com.mx/avisodeprivacidad/. This address may be accessed by any person who wishes to do so. We recommend that from time to time you review this Privacy Notice in order to be aware of any changes, amendments or updates.

Who You Can Present a Complaint or Claim to for Inappropriate Use of Your Personal Data

If you believe that in the handling of your personal data, any of the provisions set forth in the Data Protection Law have been infringed, you may submit a complaint or a claim to Mexico’s Instituto Federal de Acceso a la Información y Protección de Datos. For more information visit www.ifai.org.mx.

This Privacy Notice is subject to the Data Protection Law and other applicable legislation in the United Mexican States. Acceptance hereof implies express acceptance of the jurisdiction of the courts of Mexico City, in the event of any disputes or claims arising herefrom.

Most recent update: 12th September 2013

EmailFuente Grande