PRIVACY POLICY
OMA guarantees the User the right to privacy in conformance with its Privacy Policy. The User accepts that in addition, OMA may have access to its account for the purposes of responding to technical or service requirements.

PRIVACY POLICY
        
This Privacy Policy is applicable to the www.oma.aero web site owned by Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte S.A.B. de C.V. (OMA)

1. Personally Identifiable Information:

OMA does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when individuals provide such information on a voluntary basis, such as by registering with the www.oma.aero web site or sending e-mail or other communications to or through www.oma.aero website. OMA shall maintain appropriate safeguards, consistent with the standards of the industry, to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of information collected from users of www.oma.aero website. 

Personally identifiable information collected by or on www.oma.aero web site, will not be sold or provided to third parties without user consent. In addition, users of www.oma.aero web site will be given the opportunity to "opt out" of receiving promotional and/or marketing information about products and services offered by OMA or its partners and affiliates. Upon request, OMA will use reasonable efforts to allow users to update/correct personal information previously submitted which is no longer correct. Also, upon a user's request, OMA will use commercially reasonable efforts to functionally delete the user and his or her personal information from its database; however, it may be impossible to delete a user's entry without some residual information because of backups and records of deletions. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, www.oma.aero web site users are advised that aggregate statistics on visitors will be compiled by OMA, and may be used to conduct market research or other activities. In addition, OMA may share anonymous, aggregate data with advertising, business or promotional partners. Nothwithstanding any request by a user to "opt out" of receiving promotional information, OMA reserves the right to contact a subscriber regarding account status, changes to the subscriber agreement and other matters relevant to the www.oma.aero web site and/or the information provided by a user. 

2. Disclosure of Information:

Notwithstanding its general policy of not disclosing personally identifiable information to third parties, OMA may disclose user information: (a) when OMA has reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) OMA’s rights or property, other www.oma.aero website users, or any third party; (b) as necessary to enforce and comply with the Terms and Conditions of Use of www.oma.aero web site (available at www.oma.aero); (c) as required by law; or (d) as otherwise specified by OMA on www.oma.aero web site. 

3. Use of Cookies:

This site may use "cookies" in connection with certain features or functions. Cookies are specific types of information that a web site transfers to a user's computer hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies may make the use of a web site easier by, for example, saving passwords and preferences while a visitor is at the site. The  www.oma.aero web site does not use cookies to obtain personally identifiable information from a user's computer that was not originally sent in the cookie. While most browsers will automatically accept cookies, you can set your browser to reject cookies. Please be aware that www.oma.aero web site may allow other companies presenting advertisements or other features on www.oma.aero web site to access cookies on your computer. OMA does not control how other companies use cookies. 

4. Links
:
www.oma.aero web site may contain links to other sites. OMA cannot control and is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. OMA encourages users to be aware of this upon leaving www.oma.aero web site, and to read the privacy statements of each web site they visit. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by www.oma.aero web site.

5. Policy Acceptance:

By using the www.oma.aero web site, you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use www.oma.aero web site. Your continued use of www.oma.aero website signifies your acceptance of this Policy and any revisions thereto. OMA reserves the right to change this Policy at any time. This Policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. 

6. Notification of Policy Changes:

If OMA changes this Privacy Policy, those changes will be posted on the www.oma.aero website so that users are aware of what information www.oma.aero website collects, how the information is used, and under what circumstances, if any, the information may be disclosed.

If you have questions or concerns regarding this privacy statement, please contact the company at comunicaciones@oma.aero
