Online Privacy Policy
Last Modified: December 18, 2015
DTE Energy and its affiliate companies ("Company") understand your concerns about the use of your personal information online and are committed to protecting your privacy. We have implemented the following online privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to give you a better understanding of how we handle your information. 

The Company may offer one or more interactive pages for children under the age of 13. The Company does not collect or maintain any personal information from children when they interact with those respective pages. 

This Privacy Policy applies to the DTE Energy Web site (dteenergy.com) as well as all other DTE Energy affiliates' sites, unless modified by a privacy policy on the respective DTE Energy affiliate site ("Affiliate Privacy Policy"). Please check any DTE Energy affiliate site for an Affiliate Privacy Policy. If there is a conflict between this Privacy Policy and the Affiliate Privacy Policy, the Affiliate Privacy Policy takes precedence.

What type of information does DTE Energy gather?
For research purposes, we routinely collect the browser type and version and IP (Internet provider) address of visitors to our Web sites (see our policy regarding cookies). 

If you choose to use online customer services, including online payment services and product or service enrollment, or if you use our online job application process, you will be asked to provide personally identifiable information. This may include your account number, name, mailing address, full or partial Social Security Number or tax identification number, phone number, email address, financial information, etc. as appropriate and necessary for the online services you have selected. Your personal information will not knowingly be shared with any other organization for commercial purposes. The Company limits access to information or documents that contain your Social Security Number and ensures - to the extent practicable - the confidentiality of your Social Security Number.

What is the Company's policy regarding cookies?
DTE Energy may set cookies in order to provide automated services or surveys on its Web sites. We do collect the browser type and version and IP (Internet provider) address of visitors. We also gather aggregate information on what pages you access in our Web sites. The information we collect is used only for internal review to improve the content of our Web sites.


How does the Company protect my personal information?
We use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring personally identifiable information. When we transfer certain types of sensitive information such as financial, personal, account, or service information, we redirect visitors to a secure server where all communication between your computer and ours is scrambled into hard to decipher code and then translated back to meaningful communication

To use some of our online features, a full Social Security number (SSN), or the last four digits, are required for positive identification. We cross-check the SSN provided with information already contained in our billing system to verify that an online user is, in fact, the individual associated with that account. This is a standard business precaution to ensure your privacy and security. Using positive identification helps protect you from fraudulent service requests and slamming.


What is DTE Energy's policy regarding email?
If you are using online transactional services, such as bill payment or our online job application feature, you may receive emails from us specific to your online transactions. You may also opt-in to receive our eNewsletters. We do not ask for personal or account information in an email unless you have contacted us first and we need to clarify your request. Be sure any links embedded in the email are actually taking you to a DTE Energy site. If you have any doubt an email is really from us, go to our Web site directly by typing dteenergy.com into your browser window and navigating to the desired page.

We encourage you to report suspicious email by forwarding the message to custserviceweb@dteenergy.com.

What is DTE Energy's policy regarding SMS/Text Messaging?
Short Message Service (SMS) is a text messaging feature offered on a phone or mobile system device that allows you to send messages from one device to another. Data obtained from you in connection with this SMS service only include your cell phone number, your carrier's name, and the date, time and content of your messages and other information that you may provide. We may use this information to contact you and to provide the services you request from us, and to otherwise operate, develop and improve the service. Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your SMS usage, and their practices are governed by their own policies. We will only use information you provide to the service to transmit your text message or as otherwise described in this document. Nonetheless, we reserve the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request. When you complete forms online or otherwise provide us information in connection with the service, you agree to provide accurate, complete, and true information.

Does the Company provide links to other sites?
To enrich the content of our Web sites we may provide links to other sites operated independently from DTE Energy and its affiliate companies. DTE Energy and its affiliate companies are not responsible for the practices and privacy policies of these other sites. These other sites may collect personal information from their visitors. We recommend you check their privacy policies.

What happens if changes are made to the Privacy Policy?
Our privacy policy is reviewed on a regular basis. When an update is made, the date at the top of this page changes to reflect the date new content was posted on this page. If there are any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please email custserviceweb@dteenergy.com.

How do I correct an inaccuracy in the information I provide?
Registered users of dteenergy.com may update their account information online by choosing the My Account tab, signing in and selecting the appropriate left navigation link under My Profile. Job applicants who have registered with us may sign in to our online application program on the Careers Web site to view and update their personal information.

Contact Information
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or comments about our Web sites' content, please contact: 

The Webmaster
DTE Energy One Energy Plaza
Room 1575 WCB
Detroit, MI 48226

or by email to custserviceweb@dteenergy.com