Privacy Policy
Last Updated: July 2016

Welcome. We thank you for visiting a website of Dynegy Inc., Dynegy Energy Services, LLC, Homefield Energy, Illinois Power Marketing LLC, or one of their subsidiary or affiliated companies (collectively, Dynegy). This online privacy policy applies to information about you that Dynegy may obtain when you visit a website that we control, including dynegy.com, dynegyenergyservices.com, dynegyohio.com, or homefieldenergy.com (the Sites). In this Policy, we describe how Dynegy may collect, use, or share information obtained through the Sites, your choices regarding our use of that information, the ways in which we safeguard the information we collect, and how you may contact Dynegy regarding our online privacy practices.

By using the Sites, you agree to our Terms of Service and consent to our collection, use, and disclosure practices and other activities as described in this Privacy Policy. To download a copy of this Privacy Policy, click here
 

INFORMATION COLLECTION
 
Information You Provide to Us
We collect certain information that you provide directly to us through the Sites. For example, you may provide information to us when you register on the Sites, subscribe to our notifications, sign up for service accounts, apply for a job, contact customer support, or otherwise communicate with us through the Sites.

The information we collect from you through the Sites may include Personal Information, which is information that can be used to identify you, such as your first and last name, email address, physical address, phone number, date of birth, or gender. We also may collect information about your current electric provider (including your account number), and other information you choose to provide. If you apply for employment opportunities through the Sites, we (or one of our third-party partners) may collect information regarding your work experience, educational background, and other details relevant to the job you’re seeking.
 

Information Collected Automatically
In addition to information you submit to us, we may collect certain information using automated means such as cookies, web beacons, and web server logs. The types of information we collect automatically include IP addresses, browser/device/hardware type, operating system characteristics, information about your use of the Sites, data regarding network connected hardware (e.g., computer or mobile device), and information about your use of the Sites, such as the time and duration of your visit and how you arrived at the relevant Site.

Information that is automatically collected about you through the Sites may be combined with Personal Information you provide to us. Automatically collected information that is combined with Personal Information is treated as Personal Information.

Data Analytics Services and Online Tracking
On the Sites we use third-party web analytics services, such as Google Analytics, to help us analyze how visitors use the Sites. The information collected for this purpose (including your IP address and other information collected automatically, as described above) will be disclosed to, or directly collected by these service providers. To learn more about opting out of data collection through Google Analytics, click here.

Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to websites and online services you visit. Like many websites and online services, our Sites are not configured to respond to “Do Not Track” signals. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” you may wish to visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.

Information Use
We may use information we obtain about you through the Sites for various purposes, including to:

Respond to your comments, questions, and requests, and provide customer service;
Send you service and technical notices, updates, administrative messages, and security alerts and support;
Process your job applications;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, newsletters, rewards, and events, and provide news and information that we think will be of interest to you (for information about how to manage these communications, please see Your Choices below);
Register and service your online account;
Improve the Sites or other websites, marketing efforts, products, and services, and to monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities of visitors of the Sites;
Contact you regarding your use of the Sites and, in our discretion, changes to our policies;
Prevent, identify, and address fraud, breaches of our policies or terms, and other risks, threats, or potential harm; or
For other purposes, as described at the time the information is collected.
In addition, we may use information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other automated means for purposes such as recognizing your computer when you visit the Sites, tracking your activity as you navigate the Sites, or analyzing your use of the Sites. We also may use the information we obtain about you in other ways for which we provide notice at the time of collection.
 

Information Sharing
Certain of our agents, affiliates, vendors, consultants and other service providers may have access to Personal Information to carry out work on our behalf or to provide service to you. These third-party service providers and agents are prohibited from using your Personal Information for any purpose other than to provide this assistance.

In addition, we may share information about you obtained through the Sites:

With our business partners, affiliates and other third parties in order to help us transact business with you, including processing your payment, answering your inquiry, fulfilling your request for a product or service, or to otherwise conduct our business with you;
To comply with the law, law enforcement or other legal process, including as necessary to respond to a government request;
As necessary or appropriate to protect our rights, property, life, health, security, or safety and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others;
With our affiliates for internal business purposes;
With our business partners, affiliates and other third parties for purposes of sending their own marketing;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any proposed or actual merger, purchase, sale (including a liquidation, realization, foreclosure or repossession), or any other type of acquisition of all or any portion of our assets, or transfer of all or a portion of our business to another company;
For a purpose disclosed elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, or at the time you provide your Personal Information; or
With your consent, or as directed by you.
Without limiting the foregoing, in our sole discretion, we also may share aggregated or de-identified information collected through the Sites with affiliates or other third parties.

Sweepstakes, Contests, and Promotions
We may offer sweepstakes, contests, surveys, and other promotions (each, a “Promotion”) jointly sponsored or offered by third parties that may require submitting Personal Information. If you voluntarily choose to enter a Promotion, your Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties for administrative purposes and as required by law (e.g., on a winners list). By entering, you agree to the official rules that govern that Promotion, and may, except where prohibited by applicable law, allow the sponsor and/or other parties to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing materials.

Links to Other Websites
The Sites may contain hyperlinks to other websites or online locations that are operated by third parties that we do not control. This Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites, which may have their own privacy policies or notices that apply to the information they collect from you through their sites. We make no representations regarding the policies or business practices of third-party websites, and we encourage you to familiarize yourself with their privacy policies before providing them with your Personal Information.

Your Choices
Many web browsers provide options to allow users to stop accepting new cookies, or to disable existing cookies. Please be aware that if you disable the cookies on your computer, you may not be able to use certain features of the Sites or other websites, and disabling cookies may invalidate opt outs that rely on cookies to function.

You may request that we update, correct, or delete your information collected through the Sites by emailing webmaster@dynegy.com. To help protect your privacy and security, we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to honoring any such requests. We will make good faith efforts to effect requested changes in our then-active databases as soon as reasonably practicable (but we may retain prior information as business records).

You can opt out of receiving promotional email communications from us by following the instructions provided in those communications, or by emailing us at webmaster@dynegy.com. .You also may remove yourself from our email list by clicking on the unsubscribe link included in all promotional emails we send to our customers. Please note that even if you opt out of receiving promotional communications, we may continue to send you non-promotional emails, such as emails regarding our ongoing business relations.

Children’s Information
The Sites are not intended for children, and are not targeted to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 and, if we learn that we have received Personal Information from a visitor under the age of 13, we will delete this information in accordance with applicable law.

Data Security
We take reasonable measures to help protect the information we maintain from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Nevertheless, given that transmission via the Internet is not completely secure, please be aware that we cannot guarantee the security of information we collect through the Sites.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the Policy, and in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (for example, via email sent to the email address you have provided to us). We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy when you interact with us online, to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.

Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at:
Dynegy Inc.
Attention: Legal—Retail
601 Travis Street, Suite 1400
Houston, TX 77002
webmaster@dynegy.com

