PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy matters to Shell so please take a moment to familiarise yourself with this Privacy policy and contact us if you have any questions or queries.

 

When this Privacy Policy applies
This is the Privacy Policy for the Shell Recharge Plus application (“App”) and website (“Website”). This Privacy Policy provides information on the processing of your personal data as a result of (i) downloading and registration of the App (ii) being a member of our Shell Recharge Plus service, (iii) a visitor to the Website and/or (iv) a user of the App.

This Privacy Policy explains what personal data is processed, for which purposes, how long we hold the personal data for, how to access and update your personal data, the options you have regarding your personal data and where to go for further information.

Special Notice – if you are under 16 years old. Processing children’s’ personal data
Shell does not intentionally collect personal data of those under 16 years old. If you are under 16 years old please do not send us your personal data (for example, your name, address and email address.

What personal data do we collect?
We collect information about you as a Shell customer, user of Shell Apps and/or visitor to a Shell website. Most of this information is personal data - information that can be used to identify an individual. This information may be either:

Information that you provide to us – when creating a Shell account profile, we will request that you provide your personal data – name, e-mail address, phone number and the type of operating system and type of EV owned, your contact preferences and information necessary for answering the security question. If you decide to become a user of the Apps or our mobile payments, we may ask you to provide further personal data necessary for the performance of such services and/or authentication such as type of vehicle, driver type, date of birth, communications consents and mobile number.
Information that we obtain through your use of Shell services - we will collect information about your usage of Shell services and products – how you use them how often and if you have consented to it, where you use them. Such information may include:
Device information
IP Addresses
Log information
Browser type and preferences
Location information
Online identifiers
Cookies and similar technologies
Engagement with e-mails
Your purchase history - This includes data regarding (i) the total amount of your purchases per transaction, (ii) the time and place of the purchases you make and (iii) the payment method you use, including payment methods embedded in the App (such as mobile payment option).
If you are a member of Shell Recharge Plus - we will collect your recorded charging transactions, time, amount and other relevant information to your charging transaction, vehicle charging profile and patterns as well as location of where the App was used (if you have consented to collection of your location).
You are not required to provide any personal data to Shell. Downloading and registration of the App and other digital or social media channels is entirely voluntary.

Who is responsible for any personal data collected?
Shell Information Technology International B.V., a company whose registered office is at Carel van Bylandtlaan 30, Den Haag, 2596 HR, The Netherlands (“SITI is the controller for the processing of your personal data.

For what purposes do we process your personal data?
We process your personal data for the purposes of:

Customer service and relationship management

If you contact our Customer Service Centre with a question or a complaint, we may ask you for certain information to identify yourself to verify your account and to help us respond to your enquiry. We use any personal data supplied to improve our customer support services. We may also use personal data supplied as part of a transaction to improve customer service or respond to an enquiry related to a transaction.

If you have a question or complaint relating to your participation in our Shell Recharge Plus service or to a transaction completed by using the App, we may also ask for additional personal details to confirm your identity. We may also review your transaction history to improve customer service.

Promotions and contests

Shell regularly runs promotions for its customers. In some cases, we will ask you to provide us with your personal data through a registration form, advertisement or website in order to participate in the promotion. If you choose to participate in such promotions, we may process the personal data provided by you to register or confirm your participation, to determine whether you fulfil the promotion conditions and to send you any prizes or benefits. Depending on the promotion we may also process information on your participation in the promotion, such as scores, submissions or prizes/benefits won

Development and improvement of products and services

If you choose to participate in our surveys or other forms of market research, we may process the personal data provided by you. We may also use the information that we collect as a result of your use of our services to develop and improve your customer experience.

Communication and marketing

Offers for users of Shell services

If you have consented to receive communications from Shell [please refer to My Choices section of this Privacy Policy], you may receive offers from Shell that are tailored towards your personal preferences based on analysing your use of Shell services, your purchase history, your participation in promotions, surveys and your use of Website, App and other digital channels as well as analysing other data that you have provided to Shell.

You may adjust your subscription preferences via your Account Settings anytime or use the unsubscribe functionality for the different digital channels.

Even if you have not consented to receive offers and other communications on Shell products and services we may send you service updates and notifications that are necessary for the proper functioning of the Shell App or other services that you use.

Technical and functional management of the Shell services and statistical data 

We may process the information that we obtain from your use of Shell services to provide you the functionalities of our online services and to manage them. With this technical information, we can manage the Shell Website and Shell Apps, for example to resolve technical failures or to improve their reliability.

We may also perform research into market trends through statistical analysis. We use the results of such research to evaluate our current products and services and to adapt our products, marketing and service stations to new developments. The research results are only reported on an aggregate basis

Transaction security and preventing, detecting and investigating fraud

When you use the mobile payment functionality to purchase Shell products (if available in your market), you may be asked to provide additional personal details to complete the transaction. We may use the personal data you provide to prevent, detect and investigate fraud and to enforce its Terms and Conditions. For the same purposes, we may share some information with the service providers involved in mobile payments (such as PayPal), including but not limited to your IP address, device ID or unique identifier, program member ID for the purpose of collecting points, device type, geo-location information, connection information and mobile network information.

Feedback and forum facilities

If at any time Shell Apps offer any feedback and/or forum facilities (or similar), we may collect the information that you disclose in using such facilities. Such information will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Please note that Shell cannot be held responsible for other parties' use of the personal data which you make available to such third parties through any feedback or forum facilities in this application. Please be careful about what personal data you disclose in this way.

My choices and my data
You can always access, amend, update or delete your personal information. Please go to your Shell account profile to make such update or please send your request via email to SFR-TPC-Shell-Rechargeplus@shell.com or by calling +1 888-912-1198.

You may also choose to update your communications and subscriptions preferences through your communications settings in your Shell account profile. You may also unsubscribe from the different communication channels by using the unsubscribe functionality in such communications.

Your rights
Right of access, rectification and erasure

You have the right to obtain access to your personal data. We will also provide you with the information about the purposes of processing, what kind of information we do process for such purposes, the categories of recipients to whom we have disclosed your personal data and the criteria used for determining the period for which your personal data will be held by us.

Should you wish to rectify your personal information in case it is not accurate, we will deal with such request without undue delay. You may rectify your personal information yourself by updating your Shell account profile or by contacting SFR-TPC-Shell-Rechargeplus@shell.com , or by calling +1 888-912-1198. We may verify your identity before complying with such request.

You are also entitled to request that we erase your personal data or restrict its processing and we will comply with such request without undue delay, unless we have to keep your personal data to comply with a legal obligation. In such case, we will discontinue your use of the Shell services and delete your Shell account profile. In the event we cannot comply with your request to erase your personal data, you can request a restriction of processing of such data – in such case we will only hold and process your personal information for the purposes for which we need to keep it. We will not contact you with any Shell offers and similar communications.

Right to data portability

You have the right to receive personal data that you have provided to Shell, in a structured, digital form and transmit such data to another party, if this is technically feasible. Please contact us at SFR-TPC-Shell-Rechargeplus@shell.com, by calling +1 888-912-1198 for further information or for submitting such request.

Right to lodge a complaint

If you have any issues, queries or complaints regarding the processing of your personal data, please contact us at SFR-TPC-Shell-Rechargeplus@shell.com, by calling +1 888-912-1198 (Customer Service Centre) for further information or for submitting such requests. You may also contact the Shell Group Chief Privacy Office at Shell International B.V. The Hague, The Netherlands - Trade Register No. 27155369 Correspondence: PO Box 162, 2501 AN, The Hague at privacy-office-SI@shell.com.

You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory data protection authority in the location responsible for the activities of the relevant Shell company (if one has been established). We will provide you with these details and that of the local data protection officer (if applicable) immediately on request by contacting privacy-office-SI@shell.com. If you remain unsatisfied by the handling of your complaint and the processing of your personal data by Shell, you may also lodge a complaint to the Dutch Data Protection Authority whose visiting address is Prins Clauslaan 60, 2595 AJ The Hague, Netherlands. Please visit https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/en for more information.

Cookies and similar technologies
Shell and Shell’s partners may use cookies and similar technologies that aim to collect and store information when you visit a Shell website or use a Shell App. The main purpose of cookies is to allow Shell to identify your internet browser and collect data on your use of our website, which pages you visit, the duration of your visits and identify these when you return. These technologies are also used to collect and store information about your interaction with our services. You may control and set your cookies by setting your browser settings – for more information, please refer to the Shell Cookie Policy

Security of Your personal information
We have implemented technology and policies with the objective of protecting your privacy from unauthorised access and improper use. In particular, we may use encryption for some of our services, we apply authentication and verification process for access to Shell services and we regularly test, assess and evaluate the effectiveness of our security measures.

Who will you share my personal data with?
Your personal data is exclusively processed for the purposes referred to above and will only be shared on a strict need to know basis with:

Other companies within the Shell group of companies;
With your consent, authorized third party companies in co-operation with Shell that may supply products and/or services to users of Shell Apps and Programs
service providers involved in mobile payments (such as PayPal, Apple Wallet or Android Pay)
Any agents, licensees, service providers and/or subcontractors of Shell;
Authorised governmental entities, supervisory agencies, fiscal entities pursuant to a legal process or enforceable governmental request;
Any person to whom Shell proposes to transfer any of its rights and/or duties
By using the Shell Apps for processing payments, you expressly consent to Shell’s disclosure of your personal data to mobile payments service providers, such as PayPal, to support security, operations and servicing of the Shell Apps.

Shell also uses third parties for certain processing operations, such as website hosting. The collected personal data may be transferred to authorized third parties, which may be located outside of the U.S. or the European Economic Area (EEA) as part of the services offered to you. By way of example, this may happen if any of our servers are from time to time located in a country outside of the U.S. or the EEA or one of our service providers is located in a country outside of the U.S and EEA. As far as these third parties have access to personal data in order to execute these proceedings; Shell has taken the required organizational and/or contractual measures to ensure that your personal data is exclusively processed for the purposes mentioned above and that adequate levels of protection have been implemented in order to safeguard your personal data, for instance through applying European Commission approved standard contractual clauses for transfers to third parties in countries which have not been deemed to provide an adequate level of data protection as well as any additional local legal requirements.

Where your personal data has been transferred to companies within the Shell Group, we rely on the Binding Corporate Rules for transfers among the Shell Group. You can request a copy of these by contacting SITI-MLM-Support@shell.com or privacy-office-SI@shell.com.

Except as set out in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose any personal data without your permission unless we are legally entitled or required to do so or if we believe that such action is necessary to protect and/or defend our rights, property or personal safety and those of our users/customers or other individuals. Only if Shell is required to do so by law, will your personal data be provided to supervisory agencies, fiscal authorities and investigative agencies.

If you communicate with us through social media
If you choose to interact with Shell services such as our Website, App or content through social media such as LinkedIn, Facebook and/or Twitter, your personal data (such as your name and the fact that you are interested in Shell) will also be visible to all the visitors of your personal webpage on LinkedIn, Facebook and/or Twitter, according to your privacy settings on the social media services. On the use of such social media websites only the terms and conditions (including the privacy policy) of the social media website apply. Shell is not responsible for the processing of personal data or the privacy policy of such social media websites, and Shell's Privacy Policy is therefore not applicable.

When you communicate with us through our Facebook page (for example, when you post a comment, upload media, send a personal message or become a fan of us by clicking the "Like" button, we may receive personal data about you (such as your (user) name, profile photo, your hometown, your email address and your gender). How we use your personal data, is described in the applicable Facebook Privacy Policy, which applies in addition to (i) this Privacy Policy and (ii) the terms of use and other statements from Facebook. Such terms of use and other statements may differ from this Privacy Policy.

How long we retain your data
Upon your request to delete your Shell account profile, discontinue your participation in the Shell Recharge Plus Program or by deleting the App we will close the applicable accounts as soon as reasonably possible. We will also close or deactivate inactive customer accounts and close accounts that are used in violation of this Privacy Policy or applicable Terms and Conditions. Personal data from closed or deactivated accounts will be deleted or rendered anonymous as soon as is reasonably possible. Under certain circumstances we will retain personal data from closed or deactivated accounts for longer, such circumstances being the prevention of fraud or to otherwise take actions permitted or required by law.

Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be changed over time. You are advised to regularly review the Privacy Policy for possible changes but if the changes are significant, we will provide you with an appropriate notice, including e-mail notification if necessary. This Privacy Policy was last changed on 15th December 2017.