PRIVACY POLICY
Last Update: August 2014

This website (the "Site") is operated by Cabot Corporation ("Cabot"), the data controller responsible for the Site. The terms "we" and "us" mean Cabot.

We respect the privacy of visitors to the Site and are committed to the protection of their information. Considering that the information we collect includes data that can be used to identify visitors to the Site ("personal data"), this Privacy Policy informs visitors about (i) the types of personal data we collect on the Site, (ii) how we may use that personal data, and (iii) with whom we may share it. Personal data gathered about you and processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy is controlled by Cabot, with registered offices at Two Seaport Lane, Suite 1300, Boston MA 02210-2019.

By accessing and using this Site, you agree and consent to the collection, use, processing and disclosure of your personal data as outlined in this Privacy Policy, including transferring that information to countries which may not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in your country.

I. The Information Cabot May Collect and How It Will Be Used
Cabot collects personal data (i.e., information that can be used to identify you) through your use of the Site. Additionally, personal data may be collected from comments and questions from visitors to the Site. Personal data collected through your use of the Site is primarily processed through electronic and automated means in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Cabot will only use such personal data where it is necessary to do so because it is relevant to Cabot's dealings with a visitor or where it has his/her consent.

If you provide Cabot with personal data of third parties, you warrant and represent that you have provided any and all necessary information to, and obtained any and all consents from, such individuals to transfer their personal data to Cabot and to enable Cabot to process such personal data and disclose it in the manner and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. You also represent and warrant that you have informed such individuals in accordance with applicable law about their privacy rights.

Cabot does not require personal data from a visitor to obtain access to the general public areas of the Site but such data may be required to request or download product information or take advantage of other features on the Site. Cabot will not collect sensitive personal data about a user of the Site without his/her explicit consent.

Cabot will use a visitors' personal data where it is necessary to do so for such purposes as verifying the identity of visitors to the Site, creating user credentials such as user names and passwords, processing and responding to requests, improving its operations, maintaining details of its business contacts, facilitating business transactions and developing new business. We may also process your personal data to market products and services which we think may be of interest to you, or to communicate with you for other purposes.

Cabot also collects data that does not identify you directly, but which offers some information about your interests and activities that could be used to make inferences about you and, in some cases, identify you indirectly. Please see below for information about our use of cookies.

Cabot may also use IP addresses. An IP address is a set of numbers that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you log on to your Internet Service Provider or through your organization's local area network (LAN) or wide area network (WAN). When you log on to a website, your computer is automatically identified by the IP address assigned to it. Cabot, or third party companies acting on behalf of Cabot, may collect IP addresses for the purposes of maintaining communications with visitors as they move about the Site and enhancing their user experience. We do not ordinarily use this information to develop a personal profile of our visitors and the log files are regularly purged. Therefore, each visit to this Site will be logged, but the visitor normally remains anonymous to us.

Cabot also collects non-personal data and uses it in aggregate form to track data such as the total number of visits to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, and the domain names of our visitors' Internet Service Providers. We use this information to understand how our visitors use our Site so that we may improve it and the services we offer. This Site is not directed at collecting personal data from minors.

II. Cookie Policy
Cookies are small pieces of information, stored in simple text files, placed on your computer or device by a website. Cookies are used by the website on subsequent visits. The information stored in a cookie may relate to your browsing habits on the web page, or a unique identification number so that the website can "remember" you on a return visit.

Cabot uses cookies to provide you with the best experience on the Site. We may use "cookies" on the Site to allow visitors to use the Site without having to log in upon returning, to input information to email forms, to improve the Site, to verify that visitors meet the necessary criteria to process their requests and to improve the management and security of the Site.

The following are categories of cookies used by Cabot:

Session cookies. These are temporary and are deleted as soon as you close your Internet browser.
Persistent cookies. These are stored on your computer or device until they expire or you remove them. They store personal preferences such as your language preferences on multi-lingual sites to make subsequent visits easier.
Third party cookies. We work with third parties who, on our behalf, research the use of our website and activities on it. In doing so they may place a cookie on your computer or device. However, it would not contain any personal data that others could read and understand.
Unless otherwise notified by Cabot, Cabot will not use personal data sent in a cookie for marketing purposes and will not share this personal data with third parties. Cookies deployed by Cabot cannot be used to run programs or download viruses on your hard drive, and they do not allow Cabot any kind of control over your computer. Cabot does not use cookies to access information stored on your hard drive or to store information therein (other than mere identification data).

If you do not wish to receive cookies from the Site, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when alerted by the browser to its presence. Cookies can also be refused by turning them off in the browser. Please refer to your web browser's instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.

III. How Cabot Protects Your Personal Data
Cabot is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. Cabot takes commercially reasonable steps in compliance with security provisions set forth in applicable laws and regulations to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, unauthorized alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, misuse, and all other unlawful forms of processing. Some areas of the Site may require pre-qualification or registration for access and, if access is granted, may require a username, password or other technique to control access. Registered visitors should carefully safeguard their username and password and only make it available to authorized agents. If registered visitors become aware of any unauthorized use of a password, they should notify Cabot.

Despite the security measures that we have put in place to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse, or alteration of data will not occur.

IV. Sharing Information With Third Parties
As indicated in this Privacy Policy, your personal data may be sent to other entities of the Cabot group, as well as to third party providers, for the purposes indicated herein. Please note that these entities may be located throughout the world. A list of Cabot’s worldwide locations can be found on this website.

Cabot will exercise appropriate due diligence in the selection of its third party service providers and will require via appropriate contractual measures that such third party service providers (i) maintain adequate technical and organizational security measures in order to protect the confidentiality of the data; and (ii) process data only as instructed by the relevant Cabot affiliates.

A. Business Partners, Contractors and Service Providers

Cabot contracts with select business partners, contractors and service providers to market and distribute products in certain areas or to provide Cabot with support services in connection with the Site. These business partners, contractors and service providers may, from time to time and in accordance with applicable law, have access to your personal data to enable them to provide services to Cabot or directly to Cabot's customers. For example, Cabot may share your personal data with a business partner in order to respond to product inquiries that you make on the Site.

B. Third Party Direct Marketing

We will not sell or otherwise transfer any personal data that you provide to us to any third parties for their own direct marketing use unless we provide clear and prior notice to you and obtain your explicit consent in accordance with applicable law.

C. Legal and Business Transfers

Cabot may disclose your personal data in the following circumstances:

when we have reason to believe, in good faith, that disclosing your personal data is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to you, or otherwise injuring or interfering with Cabot's rights, property, or operations, other users of the Site, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities;
when we believe, in good faith, that disclosure is required by law;
in response to a demand by law enforcement authorities in connection with a criminal investigation;
in response to a request by civil or administrative authorities in connection with a pending civil case or administrative investigation;
in the event of a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, joint venture, or any other transaction that results in a change in control or ownership of Cabot, in whole or in part; or
in the event of a corporate reorganization, bankruptcy, insolvency proceeding, or similar circumstance, if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law.
V. Your Rights
You have the right to access and to rectify, update or delete your personal data by using the contact information provided below. Following any data access request, we will do our best to accommodate your inquiry. If the personal data collected is incorrect, inaccurate or outdated, we will correct it within a reasonable period of time and within the relevant deadlines set forth by applicable law. You also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data by Cabot at any time by using the contact information provided below. If your request is made to Cabot in writing, it must be signed and accompanied by a photocopy of a valid identity card or other valid identification document showing the signature of the holder. Such requests must also specify the address to which a response may be sent.

Cabot shall respond to all such requests as soon as reasonably possible and at the latest within the relevant deadlines set forth by applicable law, which may vary from 30 days to two months.

VI. Links to Other Websites
The Site may provide links to other Cabot and third party websites as a service to our visitors. This Privacy Policy does not apply to those sites. These sites operate independently from the Site and are not under our control. These sites may have their own privacy notices in place, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit them. Please review the privacy policy and terms of use posted on each site you visit. We are not responsible for the content of these sites, any products or services that may be offered through these sites or any other use of these sites, nor for any data processing and privacy practices associated with such sites.

VII. Privacy Policy Updates
We may occasionally update all or parts of this Privacy Policy at any time and without individual notice to you. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about our information practices. We will indicate above the date on which this Privacy Policy was last modified. Your continued use of this Site constitutes your agreement to the Privacy Policy and any updates.

Where the implementation of this policy requires further action to comply with local laws or company obligations in a given jurisdiction, such as local consultation, registrations, translation or other legal formalities, such action will be taken before the policy is implemented in the jurisdiction. Nothing in this policy is intended to nor shall modify or amend in any way the provisions of an employment agreement between Cabot and any of its employees.

VIII. Contact Information
If you have any questions or concerns concerning the protection of your personal data submitted to us, please send a thorough description to webmaster@cabotcorp.com or the address below and we will respond within a reasonable period of time.

Cabot Corporation
Global Data Protection
Cabot Corporation
Two Seaport Lane, Suite 1300
Boston, MA 02210-2019
Telephone: + (617) 345-0100
Fax: + (617) 342-6256
