EASTMAN CHEMICAL COMPANY
WEBSITE FAIR PROCESSING NOTICE
1. What is this document and why should you read it?
This fair processing notice explains how and why Eastman Chemical Company including each of its operating
entities (also referred to as “Eastman”, “we”, “our” and “us”) uses personal data about those individuals who
purchase goods or services from us, supplies goods or services to us, visits our website at www.eastman.com (the
“Website”), or otherwise communicates or engages with us (referred to as “you”).
You should read this notice, so that you know what we are doing with your personal data. Please also read any other
privacy notices that we give to you, that might apply to our use of your personal data in specific circumstances in
the future.
2. Eastman’s data protection responsibilities
“Personal data” is any information that relates to an identifiable natural person. Your name, address and contact
details are all examples of your personal data, if they identify you.
The term “process” means any activity relating to personal data, including, by way of example, collection, storage,
use, consultation and transmission.
Eastman is a so-called "controller" of your personal data. This means that we make decisions about how and why
we process your personal data and, because of this, we are responsible for making sure it is used in accordance
with data protection laws.
3. What types of personal data do we collect and where do we get it from?
We collect different types of personal data about you when you visit our Website, purchase something from us or
otherwise communicate or engage with us. We also obtain some personal data from other sources, and create some
personal data ourselves.
If any of the personal information you have given to us changes, such as your contact details, please inform us
without delay by
(a) Employees, go to Benefits, Health, and Money on MyEastman (US Only) or contact your local Human
Resource representative;
(b) Customers, contact your customer service representative or account manager;
(c) Suppliers, contact your purchasing representatives.
You can also inform us by contacting the Chief Privacy Office at privacy@eastman.com.
We collect your personal information from various sources. The table below sets out the different types of personal
information that we collect and the sources we collect it from.
2
Category Type of personal data Collected from
Contact Information   Name
  Address
  Telephone number
  Email address
  Organization details (e.g. your place of work, job
title and organization contact information)
  Your marketing preferences
  You
Background and
Identity Check
Information
  Contact Information (see above)
  Date of birth
  Passport
  Proof of address
  Tax ID
  Curriculum Vitae (CV) or resume
  Nationality
  You
  Third-party systems
used for our identity
checks
Customer/Supplier
Information
  Contact Information (see above)
  Individual Reference Number
  Digital signature
  Order information for goods and services
purchased or sold by you (or your organization)
  Payment information
  You/your organization’s banking details
  Fraud checks or flags raised about your
transactions, payment card refusals
  Delivery details
  Communications we may have with you, whether
relating to a transaction or not (please note that
we record calls to our customer services team)
  Any additional information that you provide to us
voluntarily or for account security, including (for
example) date of birth or mother’s maiden name
  Responses to surveys or competition entries
  Sensitive Information (see sub-categories below)
  You
  Third-party fraud
checking service
  Your/your
organization’s bank
Website
Information
  Contact Information (see above)
  IP address and other online identifiers/web
beacons
  User names and other log-in information
  Details of your online browsing activities on our
Website, such as the pages, products or areas of
our Website that you visit
  Your account settings including any default
preferences, any preferences we have observed,
such as the types of offers that interest you, or
the areas of our Website that you visit
  Device used to access
the Website
  Our Website
Sensitive
Information
  Racial or ethnic origin (including your nationality
and passport information)
  Information relating to actual or suspected
criminal convictions and offences (pursuant to
anti-money laundering and identity checks)
  You
  Third-party systems
used for our identity
checks
4. What do we do with your personal data and why?
We process your personal data for particular purposes in connect
3
Please note that where we have indicated in the table that our processing of your personal data is either:
(a) necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation; or
(b) necessary for us to take steps, at your request, to potentially enter into a contract with you, or to perform
it,
if you choose not to provide the relevant personal data to us, we may not be able to enter into or continue our
contract or engagement with you.
Purposes of processing
Lawful basis
Your
consent
To perform a
contract with
you
To comply
with a legal
obligation
For our legitimate
interests
Contact Information
a) Responding to your enquiries
and/or complaints  
 
(It’s important that we
can respond to you in
relation to such matters)
b) Confirming and processing orders
for goods or services that you may
make with us (either as customer
or supplier)
 
c) Sending you information (including
direct marketing) as set out in the
section “How do we communicate
with you?”, below
 
 
(It is important to keep
you updated of orders
made with us and notified
of factual updates to our
engagement with you)
Background and Identity Check Information
d) Performing anti-bribery, anticorruption,
and trade and export
risk
 
 
(We need to ensure
compliance with
regulatory requirements)
e) Performing identity and credit
checks
 
 
(We need to ensure that
the identity and credit
worthiness of our
customers/suppliers is
verified)
Website Information
f) Ensure the operation and
performance of the Website
(Please also see the Cookies
section below)
 
(We need to ensure the
Website functions
correctly)
g) To improve the functionality of the
Website
 
(It is in our interest to
keep the Website up to
date and improve its
functionality for the
benefit of users)
h) To enable you to create accounts
and log-in to them via the Website
 
 
(It is in our interests to
grant you access to a
private log-in where you
can access information
relevant to you and your
investment)
i) To use targeted cookies in relation
to advertising
 
 
(We need to ensure
accurate and relevant
content for the benefit of
users)
4
Purposes of processing
Lawful basis
Your
consent
To perform a
contract with
you
To comply
with a legal
obligation
For our legitimate
interests
Customer/Supplier Information
j) To take payment and deliver your
goods to you or the recipient you
indicate, to deal with any
complaints or any after sales
services, including for warranty
purposes
 
k) To make payments and receive
goods from you, to deal with any
complaints or any after sales
services, including for warranty
purposes
 
l) To protect customers, suppliers,
and our business from fraud to
minimize the risk of false details
being used, and abuse of card
details by fraudsters
 
 
(It is important that we
seek to limit incidents of
fraud)
All categories
m) Establishing and enforcing our legal
rights and obligations and
monitoring to identify and record
fraudulent activity
 
n) Complying with instructions from
law enforcement agencies, any
court or otherwise as required by
law
 
o) For our general record-keeping and
customer/supplier relationship
management  
 
(We need to store
customer/supplier related
information so we can
refer to it)
p) Managing the proposed sale,
restructuring or merging of any or
all part(s) of our business,
including to respond to queries
from the prospective buyer or
merging organization
 
 
(We have a legitimate
interest in being able to
sell any part of our
business)
q) To keep records required by law or
to evidence our compliance with
laws, including tax laws, consumer
protection laws and data protection
laws

5
5. Sensitive Information
Some of the processing described in the above table will include the processing of ‘special categories of personal
data’ and/or sensitive personal data (together, “Sensitive Information” – as set out in the table at paragraph 3,
above). This refers to sensitive or special categories of personal data which we are required to process with more
care, according to applicable laws.
The table below sets out the different purposes for which we process your Sensitive Information and the relevant
lawful basis on which we rely for that processing. For some processing activities, we consider that more than one
lawful basis may be relevant – depending on the circumstances.
Purposes of
processing
Sensitive Information - lawful basis
You have given
your explicit
consent to the
processing
It is necessary to
protect somebody’s
vital interests or
they are incapable
of giving consent
It is necessary for
the establishment,
exercise or
defence of legal
claims
It is necessary for
reasons of
substantial public
interest
Performing antibribery,
anticorruption,
and
trade and export
risk checks
   
Performing identity
and credit checks
   
6. Who do we share your personal data with, and why?
Sometimes we need to disclose your personal data to other people.
Inside Eastman’s Group:
We are part of the Eastman group, which includes a number of companies and operations globally. Therefore, we
will need to share your personal data with other companies in the Eastman group for our general business
management purposes and, in some cases, to meet our customer needs where providing services across
branches/locations and/or for authorisations/approvals with relevant decision makers, reporting and where systems
and services are provided on a shared basis.
Access rights between members of the Eastman group are limited and granted only on a need to know basis,
depending on job functions and roles.
Where any Eastman group companies process your personal data on our behalf (as our processor), we will make
sure that they have appropriate security standards in place to make sure your personal data is protected.
Outside Eastman’s Group:
From time to time we may ask third parties to carry out certain business functions for us, such as the administration
of our Website and IT support. These third parties will process your personal data on our behalf (as our processor).
We will disclose your personal data to these parties so that they can perform those functions. Before we disclose
your personal data to these third parties, we will seek to ensure that they have appropriate security standards in
place to protect your personal data. Examples of these third-party service providers include our outsourced IT
systems software and maintenance, back up, and server hosting providers.
6
In certain circumstances, we will also disclose your personal data to third parties who will receive it as controllers
of your personal data in their own right for the purposes set out above, where the relevant disclosure is in relation
to:
a) services provided to you or us by a third party acting independently to Eastman but which has a relationship
with Eastman, for example certain payment fraud checking services;
b) the purchase or sale of our business (or part of it) in connection with a share or asset sale, for which we
may disclose or transfer your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer and their advisors; and
c) the disclosure of your personal data in order to comply with a legal obligation, to enforce a contract or to
protect the rights, property or safety of our employees, customers or others.
We have set out below a list of the categories of recipients with whom we are likely to share your personal data:
a) IT support, Website and data hosting providers and administrators;
b) payment processors in relation to purchases you make with us;
c) consultants and professional advisors including legal advisors and accountants;
d) courts, court-appointed persons/entities, receivers and liquidators;
e) business partners and joint ventures;
f) insurers; and
g) governmental departments, statutory and regulatory bodies.
7. Where in the world is your personal data transferred to?
As part of a global organization, Eastman may transfer your personal data to recipients (either internally or
externally, as set out above) that are established in jurisdictions other than your own. Please be aware that the
data protection laws in some jurisdictions may not provide the same level of protection to your personal data as is
provided to it under the laws in your jurisdiction.
If any disclosures of personal data referred to above requires your personal data to be transferred, we will only
make that transfer if:
a) the country to which the personal data is to be transferred ensures an adequate level of protection for
personal data;
b) we have put in place appropriate safeguards to protect your personal data, such as an appropriate contract
with the recipient;
c) the transfer is necessary for one of the reasons specified in data protection legislation, such as the
performance of a contract between us and you; or
d) you explicitly consent to the transfer.
8. How do we keep your personal data secure?
We will take specific steps (as required by applicable data protection laws) to ensure we take appropriate security
measures to protect your personal data from unlawful or unauthorized processing and accidental loss, destruction
or damage. 
7
9. How long do we keep your personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for a limited period of time and for no longer than is necessary for the
purposes for which we are processing it for. This will depend on a number of factors, including:
a) any laws or regulations that we are required to follow;
b) whether we are in a legal or other type of dispute with each other or any third party;
c) the type of information that we hold about you; and
d) whether we are asked by you or a regulatory authority to keep your personal data for a valid reason.
10. How do we communicate with you?
We will use your personal data to communicate with you:
a) in relation to any purchases you make with us;
b) to administer our relationship with you;
c) to respond to any questions or complaints that you may have; and
d) to invite you to take part in market research or request feedback on our products and services.
From time to time and with your opt-in consent (if required), we will provide you with information about our
products, services, promotions and/or offers which may be of interest to you. Such communications will be sent
either by email, text, post or telephone.
If you do not wish to receive such communications, you can opt-out at any time by either following the instructions
within the communication or contacting
a) Employees, go to Benefits, Health, and Money on MyEastman (US Only) or contact your local Human
Resource representative;
b) Customers, contact your customer service representative or account manager;
c) Suppliers, contact your purchasing representatives.
You can also inform us by contacting the Chief Privacy Office at privacy@eastman.com.
11. Cookies
When you visit the Website, we generate one or more “cookies”, which we deploy with your consent (if required).
If you do not agree to our use of cookies, you should set your browser settings accordingly or not use the Website.
Please be aware that if you disable the cookies that we use, this may impact your user experience while using the
Website.
The table below summarizes the different types of cookies we use on the Website, together with their respective
purpose and duration (i.e. how long each cookie will remain on your device).
Two types of cookies may be used on the Website - "session cookies" and "persistent cookies". Session cookies are
temporary cookies that remain on your device until you leave the Website. A persistent cookie remains on your
device for much longer or until you manually delete it (how long the cookie remains on your device will depend on
the duration or "lifetime" of the specific cookie and your browser settings).
8
Cookies used on the Website:
Type of
Cookie What do they do? Do these cookies collect my
personal data/identify me?
Necessary Cookies that are essential to making
the Website work correctly. They
enable visitors to move around our
Website and use our features.
Examples include remembering
previous actions (e.g. entered text)
when navigating back to a page in
the same session.
These cookies do not identify you
as an individual.
If you do not accept these
cookies, it may affect the
performance of our Website.
Performance Cookies that help us understand how
visitors interact with our web
properties by providing information
about the areas visited, the time
spent on the Website and any issues
encountered, such as error
messages. They help us improve the
performance of our Websites, alert of
any concerns and more.
These cookies don’t identify you
as an individual. All data is
collected and aggregated
anonymously.
Functionality Cookies that allow our web properties
to remember the choices you make
(such as your user name, interests,
demographics, and web behavior on
our sites) to provide a more
personalized online experience.
The information these cookies
collect may include personally
identifiable information that you
have disclosed, such as a
username, for example. We shall
always be transparent with you
about what information we collect,
what we do with it and with whom
we share it.
If you do not accept these
cookies, it may affect Website
performance and functionality and
may restrict access to web
content.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are files or pieces of information that may be stored on your computer (or other internet-enabled devices,
such as a smartphone or tablet) when you visit the Website. A cookie will usually contain the name of the website
from which the cookie has come from, the "lifetime" of the cookie (i.e. how long it will remain on your device) and
a value, which is usually a randomly generated unique number.
We use cookies to make the Website easier to use and to better tailor our web presence and products to your
interests and needs. Cookies may also be used to help speed up your future activities and experience on the Website.
We also use cookies to compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how people use our
web properties and to help us improve web structure and content. We cannot identify you personally from this
information.
Most internet browsers are initially set up to automatically accept cookies. You can change the settings to block
cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent to your device. There are a number of ways to manage cookies.
Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about how to adjust or modify your browser
settings.
If you disable the cookies that we use, this may impact your experience while on the Website. For example, you
may not be able to visit certain areas of the Website.
If you use different devices to view and access the Website (e.g. your computer, smartphone, tablet etc.), you will
need to ensure that each browser on each device is adjusted to suit your cookie preferences.
9
12. What are your rights in relation to your personal data and how can you exercise them?
Where our processing of your personal data is based on your consent (please see the tables above), you have the
right to withdraw your consent at any time. If you do decide to withdraw your consent we will stop processing your
personal data for that purpose, unless there is another lawful basis we can rely on – in which case, we will let you
know.
Where our processing of your personal data is based on the legitimate interests (please see the tables above),
you can object to this processing at any time. If you do this, we will need to show either a compelling reason why
our processing should continue, which overrides your interests, rights and freedoms or that the processing is
necessary for us to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim.
Where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object to that
processing.
You have the right to (subject to applicable laws and certain limitations):
a) access your personal data and to be provided with certain information in relation to it, such as the purpose
for which it is processed, the persons to whom it is disclosed and the period for which it will be stored;
b) require us to correct any inaccuracies in your personal data without undue delay;
c) require us to erase your personal data;
d) require us to restrict processing of your personal data;
e) receive the personal data which you have provided to us, in a machine readable format, where we are
processing it on the basis of your consent or because it is necessary for your contract with us (please see
the tables above) and where the processing is automated.
13. Updates to this notice
We may update this notice from time to time to reflect changes to the type of personal data that we process and/or
the way in which it is processed. We encourage you to check this notice on a regular basis.
14. Where can you find out more?
If you want more information about any of the subjects covered in this privacy notice or if you would like to discuss
any issues or concerns with us, you can contact the Chief Privacy Office at privacy@eastman.com.