Privacy Policy
See Also: Legal Notice 

The purpose of this policy is to make visitors to this Teck website aware of how Teck collects, uses, manages, and discloses personal information.

Definitions
"Personal information" is information about an identifiable individual that is not the person's business contact information or work product information. "Teck" is Teck Resources Limited and its affiliated entities.

Collection and Use of Personal Information
Teck collects the following information regarding visitors to our website: domain name, name, information regarding what pages are accessed, information volunteered by you, such as survey information, e-mail address, or website registrations, and your preferred means of communication. Teck collects and logs this information for statistical purposes. Teck uses “session cookies” to assist in navigation of the site, but does not gather or store personal information after you leave the site.

Disclosure of Personal Information
As a general proposition, any personal information that Teck collects will not be disclosed to third parties. The intent is that the information will be used for the exclusive use of Teck. However, in order to improve integrity of the data, to assist in maintaining security over the data, or as requested by law, some personal information may be required to be disclosed.

Security
Teck takes reasonable security measures to protect personal information from loss, unauthorized access, destruction, misuse, modification and disclosure. Teck treats the information with a high degree of regard and awareness for the private nature of the data. Our primary objective is to maintain the integrity and security of the data. Teck cannot guarantee secure transmission over this internet.

Privacy Officer
The Teck employee who is responsible for maintaining the privacy of information collected via the website interface, can be reached at privacy.officer@teck.com. Any questions or complaints about Teck's collection, use or disclosure of personal information through this website should be made to that individual.

Consent
If you do not consent to having your personal information collected, used and disclosed as set out in this policy, or if you require further information to make this decision, or if you wish to withdraw consent, please email the website privacy officer at privacy.officer@teck.com.

Updating this Privacy Policy
The content of this Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time, so we suggest that you return to the website on a regular basis and carefully read the information provided.

Last updated: December 18, 2015