RGS ENERGY PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated November 6, 2018
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how RGS Energy (“RGS,” “us,” “our,” and “we”), collects, uses, and shares information when you interact with us. This Privacy Policy applies to all users of RGS’s website as published at www.RGSEnergy.com (and any other websites with “RGS” branding that link to this Privacy Policy), and any mobile-device applications we offer, such our iOS and Android applications, that are branded “RGS” and link or reference this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Services”, “Application”).

You are advised to read this Privacy Policy carefully in its entirety. This Privacy Policy replaces and supersedes any prior versions of this Privacy Policy for all users (including users that registered or started using our site before the Effective Date). If you disagree with our practices, please do not register, subscribe, create an account, or otherwise interact with the Services. By signing up for, using, or continuing to use the Services, you consent to the privacy practices described in this policy.

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the RGS’s Terms of Use. Capitalized terms that are not defined in the Privacy Policy have the meaning given to them in the Terms of Use.

Our Privacy Policy is organized as follows:
Types of Information We Collect
How RGS Uses Information
When and Why RGS Discloses Information
Your Choices and Options
Accessing and Correcting Information
Security of Personal Information
Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy
International Visitors
California Privacy Rights
Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy
Our Contact Information
1. Types of Information We Collect
You may be asked to provide information when you visit our website, register, subscribe, or create an account for our Services, contact RGS for customer service purposes, or otherwise interact with or use our Services. We may collect certain types of information, including information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, date of birth, and geographic location (“Personal Information”), and information that does not identify you personally.
We may also collect the following types of information:

Registration and Contact Information that allows you to register for the Services and allows us to communicate with you, such as your name, email address, password, social media user account names, telephone number, or other address at which you receive communications from or on behalf of RGS. If you sign up using a social media account, we will also receive information from that service.
Information from Cookies and Similar Technologies. When you use our Services, our partners and we may collect certain information using cookies and similar technologies. Cookies are small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters which are either session cookies or persistent cookies. A Session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Service. These tools allow us to improve our web pages and services to you.
Please review your web browser’s “Help” file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. However, please be aware that if you delete, or choose not to accept, cookies from our Services, you may not be able to utilize the features of our Services to their fullest potential.
Information from Third Parties. We may receive information about you from third parties and combine it with information we have about you. If you use a social media platform or other third-party methods of communication to interact with RGS that platform may have a specific privacy statement that governs the use of information related to that platform.
2. How RGS Uses Information
Among others, RGS uses the information to:

Operate and improve our services;
Perform analytics;
Provide customer support;
Fulfill requests for RGS services;
Send you reminders, technical notices, updates, security alerts and support;
Communicate and provide additional information which may be of interest to you about RGS, special offers, announcements, and marketing materials;
Manage our everyday business needs such as website administration, forum management, fraud prevention, Terms of Use or to comply with the law; and
Carry out other purposes to which you consent.
In addition to the above, we may aggregate information and use it for any purpose.

3. When and Why RGS Discloses Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our Users and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. We may disclose personal information that we collect, or you provide as described in this privacy policy:

To our affiliated companies;
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them; and
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all the RGS’s assets, in which personal information held by RGS about our site Users is among the assets transferred.
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use the personal information you have provided through this Application in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.

4. Your Choices and Options
We can provide you with a more robust and personalized service when we know more about you. However, you can limit the information you provide to RGS, and you can limit the communications that RGS sends to you.

Cookies. You may manage how your browser handles cookies and related technologies by adjusting its privacy and security settings. Please note that if you disable cookies, you may be unable to access some customized features of our Services.

Email. You can manage your email preferences by clicking “unsubscribe” on any email communication we send you. You may choose to subscribe to some types of messages, and may choose to unsubscribe from others.

Connecting through Social Networks. You may be able to manage what social networks share with RGS when you register with us through a social media platform or application, such as through Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Pinterest, YouTube, Vimeo among others. Please refer to the privacy settings of the social media platform or application to determine how you may adjust our permissions and manage the interactivity between RGS and your social media account.
5. Accessing and Correcting Information
Keeping your information enables us to provide you with the best services and offers available through our business partners and us.

You may update or correct your information and preferences at any time by accessing your Settings through the Service or contacting RGS.

If you want to close your account or have other questions or requests, or if you would like to access or request a correction to any other information we hold about you, please contact us at:


Real Goods Solar, Inc. d/b/a RGS Energy
110 16th Street, Suite 300
Denver, CO 80202
888-567-6527
Solar@RGSEnergy.com


Please note that we may retain all information you submit for if needed to conduct a legitimate business need or as required by law, including for backups and archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, compliance with legal obligations, dispute resolution, enforcing our agreements, and analytics.

6. Security of Personal Information
While we utilize reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to protect your information, the transmission of such information via the internet is not entirely secure. Thus, we cannot guarantee the security of personal information transmitted to us. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for the efforts of others to circumvent any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Application.

7. Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy
The site is intended to be used by adults only and not directed towards children under the age of eighteen. Accordingly, RGS does not intend to collect personal information from anyone known to be under the age of eighteen. If you believe that RGS has collected personal information from children under the age of eighteen, please notify RGS immediately so that steps may be taken to eliminate such information.

8. International Visitors
The Service is hosted in the United States and is intended for visitors located within the United States. If you choose to use the Service from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing, and by providing your personally identifiable information on the Service you consent to that transfer, storage, and processing.

9. California Privacy Rights
If you reside in California and have provided your information to us, you may request information once per calendar year about our disclosures of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Such requests must be submitted to us in writing at Solar@RGSEnergy.com or write to us at the address provided below, with “Request for California Privacy Information” in the subject line and body of your message.


Real Goods Solar, Inc. d/b/a RGS Energy
110 16th Street, Suite 300
Denver, CO 80202

10. Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy
We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this page, and the revised version will be effective when it is published. If we materially change how we use or share personal information previously collected from you through the Service, we will notify you through the Service, by email, or other communication.

11. California Privacy Rights
Please contact us with any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, your information, our use and disclosure practices, or your consent choices by e-mail Solar@RGSEnergy.com


Real Goods Solar, Inc. d/b/a RGS Energy
110 16th Street, Suite 300
Denver, CO 80202
888-567-6527