Introduction
Heico Holding Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy. This statement details the steps we take to protect your personal information when you visit our websites. It describes the personal information that we collect, the purposes for which we use such information, and your choices regarding our use of it. The steps we take to protect your personal information and how you can review and correct your personal information are also covered here. By accessing our websites, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this privacy statement.

Our collection of information
Information collected directly from you Generally, you can visit Heico’s websites without entering any personal information. On certain pages, we may ask you for personal information (name, address, telephone number, email address, etc..) to provide a service or carry out a transaction that you have requested. 
You are not required to provide any of this information, but if you do not, we may not be able to provide you the requested service or complete your transaction.

Our use of information
Services and transactions. We use your personal information to deliver services or carry out transactions you have requested, such as providing information on Heico products, registering purchased products, processing product orders, handling warranty claims, replacing product manuals, answering customer service requests, facilitating use of our websites, and so forth. In order to offer you a more consistent experience in your interactions with Heico, information collected by our websites may be combined with information we collect by other means.
Website improvement. We may use your personal information to improve our websites and related Heico products or services, or to make our websites easier to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information or by customizing our websites to your particular preference or interests.
Communications. With your permission, we may use your personal information gathered via our websites to inform you of products or services available from Heico. When collecting information that might be used to contact you about our products and services, we will always give you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such communications. Moreover, each e-mail communication we send includes an unsubscribe link allowing you to stop delivery of that type of communication. If you elect to unsubscribe, we will remove you from the relevant list within 10 business days.
Employment Applications. In connection with a job application or inquiry, you may provide us with information about yourself, such as a resume or curriculum vitae. We may use this information throughout Heico and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates for the purpose of employment consideration. We will keep the information for future consideration unless you direct us not to do so.
Disclosure of your personal information
Except as described below, personal information you provide to Heico through our websites will not be shared outside of Heico and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates without your permission.
Disclosure to service providers. Heico contracts with other companies to provide services on our behalf, such as hosting websites, sending out information, processing transactions, and analyzing our websites. We provide these companies with only those elements of your personal information they need to deliver those services. These companies and their employees are prohibited from using that personal information for any other purpose.
Disclosure to distributors. In responding to a request made by you, we may share your personal information with companies that distribute our products. In those cases, we provide these companies with only those elements of your personal information they need to respond to your request, and these companies and their employees are prohibited from using that personal information for any other purpose. In some cases, we may seek your permission to share your information with distributors for marketing purposes other than responding to a request from you. However, we will not share your information for such marketing purposes unless we have obtained your express consent to do so.
Disclosure in connection with transactions. In connection with certain transactions, we may disclose some or all of your personal information to financial institutions, government entities, and shipping companies or postal services involved in 
fulfillment.
Disclosures in connection with acquisitions or divestitures. Circumstances may arise where for strategic or other business reasons Heico decides to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize businesses in some countries. Such a transaction may involve the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers, or receiving it from sellers. It is Heico’s practice to seek appropriate protection for information in these types of transactions.
Disclosure for other reasons. We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with legal requirements or with legal process served on us, to protect and defend our rights or property, or in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of any individual.
Security
Heico is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access that are located in facilities to which access is limited. For sites to which you login, it is your responsibility to ensure the security of your password and not to reveal this information to others. When you move around a site to which you have logged in, or from one site to another that uses the same login mechanism, we verify your identity by means of an encrypted cookie placed on your machine.
Consent to international transfers of personal information
The personal information we collect on our websites may be sent to the United States or to any other country in which Heico or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities. We may also store and process the information there. Although the laws that protect personal information in those countries may differ from the laws where you live, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By using our websites and giving your information to us, you consent to the transfer of the data outside of your country. 
Children's information
Heico does not knowingly collect information from children and does not target its websites that collect information to children.
Links to other sites
Our websites may contain links to other sites such as Heico distributors and sales affiliates, professional and government organizations, and publications. We also link to third-party providers that host, maintain and operate on-line training curricula. While we try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices employed by other sites.
Enforcement of this privacy statement
If you have questions regarding this statement or our handling of your personal information, please Contact Us. We will promptly address your concern and strive to reach a satisfactory resolution. 
Changes to this privacy statement
Heico may occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top and bottom of the privacy statement. We will obtain your opt-in consent for any updates to this privacy statement that materially expand the sharing or use of your personal information in ways not disclosed in this privacy statement at the time of collection.