Privacy Policy
This is the web site of CyberOptics Corporation.

Our postal address is:
5900 Golden Hills Drive
Minneapolis, MN 55416
Voice +1 (763) 542-5000
Fax +1 (763) 542-5100
info@cyberoptics.com

For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the visitor’s domain name.

We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages visitors access or visit and information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name, address and telephone number.

The information we collect is used by us to contact visitors for marketing and support purposes. We do not share your contact information with organizations not directly affiliated with us.

Our website uses cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device. Our site uses cookies dropped by us or third parties for a variety of purposes including to operate and personalize the website. Also, cookies may also be used to track how you use the site to target ads to you on other websites.

If you supply us with your postal address you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by contacting us.

From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.

Upon request, we provide site visitors with access to contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them. Visitors can access this information by contacting us.

Upon request, we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Visitors can have this information corrected by contacting us.