Privacy Statement
Sonic Automotive
Last Updated: September 16, 2016

Welcome to Sonic Automotive. Sonic Automotive, either directly or through one of its affiliates, operates the Website. This Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect and use the information you provide us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using the Website. Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Policy before using or submitting information to the Website. The protection of your information is important to us, and we want to be clear about how and when we might share your information with anyone else.

Collection of Personal Information

In order to enhance consumers' experiences when visiting the Website, we collect the following types of information as users browse the Website:

Personal Information. We may ask you to submit personally identifiable information ("Personal Information"), such as your name, address, or email address, to us via the Website. Some of this Personal Information is required in order to allow you to use all of the features of the Site. Other information is submitted by you voluntarily.

Anonymous Information. As you navigate through the Website, we may collect anonymous information ("Anonymous Information") about you using various technologies such as cookies, Internet tags, and navigational data collection. Your browser automatically transmits some of this anonymous information to us, such as the URL of the website you just visited, the browser version your computer is operating, the date and time you visited, the pages you visited on the Website, and your IP address, and we may store that information. "Cookies" are tiny alphanumeric identifiers that are stored on your computer and allow us to adjust the Website to meet your personal browsing preferences. If your browser is set to refuse cookies, you may not have access to all areas or features of the Site.


Additionally, if you provide personal information to us for the purposes of our providing you a financial service, additional federal laws may apply to our treatment of that information, and we ask that you carefully review the Privacy Notice addressing information you share for financial purposes. Credit Application Privacy Notice


Use of Your Information

Anonymous Information. We may aggregate, evaluate, and use Anonymous Information to improve the Website and our business, and we may provide it to third parties. We may use cookies, IP addresses, or other Anonymous Information to analyze trends, administer the Website, track customer site navigation, and gather broad demographic information.

Personal Information. Gathering Personal Information about our customers allows us to serve you better. We will not use your Personal Information in a way that is prohibited by applicable law. Here are some ways in which we might use your Personal Information:

Our Business Purposes. We may use your Personal Information for our everyday business purposes, such as to provide services to you, to market our products and services to you, and to maintain your account with us. We may also share your Personal Information with third parties with whom we have joint marketing arrangements to market other products and services to you. Additionally, we may share your Personal Information with companies related to us by common ownership or control, and they may use your Personal Information for their everyday business purposes.


Service Providers. From time to time, we may employ companies and individuals to perform certain services on our behalf (such as conducting audits, performing legal services, processing credit card payments, or providing customer service). These third-party service providers may have access to Personal Information, but only to the extent required to perform their assigned roles, and they may not use your Personal Information for any other reason.


Business Transfers. As our business continues to evolve, we may wish to sell or buy dealerships, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information (including Personal Information) generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the terms of any pre-existing Privacy Policy.


Compliance with Law. We may release Personal Information about you if we believe such a release is necessary to comply with the law or in response to a subpoena or other legal process.

Protection of Your Information

To prevent unauthorized access to, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. However, no security system is perfect, and we cannot guarantee that information you provide to us over the Internet will remain private. We also cannot guarantee that information you transmit to us over the Internet will not be intercepted. 

Use of Website by Children

The Website is not intended for children under the age of 13. We will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information via the Website from visitors in this age group and will take prompt steps to delete any such personally identifiable information.

Your Suggestions

We welcome your comments and suggestions about the Website, but we ask that you do not send us any confidential or proprietary ideas, suggestions, materials, or other information relating to developing, designing, redesigning, modifying, providing, or marketing any of our products or services or any new products or services. With this in mind, if you choose to send to us via the Website any such information, including but not limited to feedback, data, questions, comments, product or service ideas, know-how, or suggestions (collectively, "Your Suggestions"), you agree that we will own Your Suggestions, and by submitting Your Suggestions to us via the Website, you assign to us all worldwide rights, title, and interest in and to Your Suggestions. We will not have any obligation to keep Your Suggestions confidential and will be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute Your Suggestions to others without limitation or liability. We may use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques in Your Suggestions for any purpose whatsoever, including developing and marketing products or services that incorporate or otherwise embody Your Suggestions, without providing any notice, compensation, or attribution to you.

Third Party Links

The Website may contain links to third-party websites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible or liable for (a) the availability or accuracy of such websites or resources, or (b) the content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources. Links to such websites or resources do not imply any endorsement by us of such websites or resources or the content, products, or services available from such websites or resources. You agree to review the privacy policy of any third-party website or resource before using it, and you accept sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

The Internet is constantly changing, as is the nature of our Internet business operations, so we will likely need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. You should check this Privacy Policy frequently to review the latest version of the Privacy Policy. Our posting an amended version of the Privacy Policy on the Website will serve as notice to you of that amendment.

Tracking

At this time, the Website does not respond to web browser "do not track" signals. We may add this functionality in the future, and if we do, we will update this Privacy Policy to let you know. For now, third parties may collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our Website.


How to Contact Us

If you have any questions, requests, or concerns related to this Privacy Policy, please email us at privacy@sonicautomotive.com.