ARCHER DANIELS MIDLAND
Online Privacy Policy
A. GENERAL INFORMATION
1. Overview
At Archer Daniels Midland Company “ADM” (“we” “our” or “us”), we are committed to protecting the confidentiality,
accuracy and integrity of any personal data you provide to us. We always strive to safeguard such data from
misappropriation, loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure and/or alteration. We only collect personal data that is
relevant for our described purposes.
2. Scope
This Online Privacy Notice has been created for all website users, suppliers and customers to provide relevant
information and demonstrate that your personal data is processed in a legal and responsible manner.
However, information in grey is only applicable only where Regulation EU 2016/679 (GDPR) applies to you. The GDPR
applies to you where the processing of your personal data is done in the context of the activities of a relevant
establishment in the Union, or where the offering of goods or services, or the monitoring of your behaviour, has occurred
and you are in the Union.
3. Controller
Below are the contact details of the ‘Controller’ of your data - that is, the entity responsible - and also the contact details
of our Data Protection Officer.
Controller EU Data Protection Officer
ADM Group
4666 Faries Parkway, Decatur, IL, 62526
United States
Telephone: +1 217 451 6194
Email: dataprivacy@adm.com
Our EU representative & Global Privacy Lead:
Global Privacy Lead
c/o ADM Germany GmbH
Ferdinandstraße 5
20095 Hamburg
Germany
EU Data Protection Officer
c/o ADM Germany GmbH
Ferdinandstraße 5
20095 Hamburg
Germany
Telephone: 0049 (0) 40 3013 774
Email: privacyeu@adm.com
You can contact the Data Protection Officer in relation to any
questions, comments or complaints you have regarding your
personal data.
B. INFORMATION FOR WEBUSERS
1. Purpose and Legal Basis
Below you will find information about how we process your personal data, the purpose for our processing of your
personal data and the legal basis for our processing of your personal data according to the GDPR if applicable.
Website visitor (this data is always collected and processed by us when you visit out site)
Purpose of the processing Legal basis for our processing (EU)
(i) Personalised advertising;
(ii) Technical provision & optimisation of
our site;
(iii) Understand your interests;
(iv) Provide information, products and
services.
Article 6(1)(f): Our legitimate interest is:
(i) To provide you with personalised advertising for ADM when
you leave our site;
(ii) The successful technical provision of our website, the IT
security and its continued optimisation by utilising user data;
(iii) To understand what parts of our website you visit, and
which of our products do you seek information;

(iv) To provide you with information about our company and our
products and services.
Communications, Contact & Downloads
Purpose of the processing Legal basis for our processing (EU)
(i) To make contact with you where you
have so requested (primarily for investor
communications and annual reports);
(ii) To send you a quote;
(iii) Allow you to contact us;
(iv) To allow you to download materials
relevant to your interests;
(v) To send you promotional material from
time to time.
Article 6(1)(f): Our legitimate interest is:
(i) To make contact with you where you so request;
(ii) To send you a quote where you so request;
(iii) To allow you to contact us where you so wish;
(iv) To allow you to download relevant materials:
Article 6(1)(a): Consent.
(v)
Your consent is entirely voluntary and can be withdrawn at any time.
‘ADM Delivers’ & Logistics
Purpose of the processing Legal basis for our processing (EU)
(i) To provide you with a quote from our
logistics team;
(ii) The provision of our ADM Delivers
portal;
Article 6(1)(b)
The provision of the personal data for these purposes is not mandatory by
law or contract however, achieving the planned purpose for the processing
will be considerably restricted.
Careers
Purpose of the processing Legal basis for our processing (EU)
(i) The provision of our ADM job board
‘ADM Global Link’;
(ii) Facilitating your job application;
(iii) Assessing your job application;
(iv) Contacting you further.
Article 6(1)(b)
The provision of the personal data for these purposes is not mandatory
by law or contract however, achieving the planned purpose for the
processing will be considerably restricted.
(i)
ADMFarmview (e-ADM)
Purpose of the processing Legal basis for our processing (EU)
(i) The provision of our ADMFarmview
portal and software.
Article 6(1)(b)
The provision of the personal data for these purposes is not mandatory
by law or contract however, achieving the planned purpose for the
processing will be considerably restricted.
.
Credit (e-ADM)
Purpose of the processing Legal basis for our processing (EU)
(i) Provision of our ADM credit service;
(ii) Process your credit application;
(iii) Process invoices and trading
information;
(iv) Manage ADM account information;
(v) Security and/or fraud prevention.
Article 6(1)(b)
The provision of the personal data for these purposes is not mandatory
by law or contract however, achieving the planned purpose for the
processing will be considerably restricted.
Help Desk (e-ADM)
Purpose of the processing Legal basis for our processing
(i) Provision of our helpdesk service;
(ii) Provide you with assistance where you
request it.
Article 6(1)(b)
The provision of the personal data for these purposes is not mandatory
by law or contract however, achieving the planned purpose for the
processing will be considerably restricted.

Futures & Options (e-ADM)
Purpose of the processing Legal basis for our processing
(i) Provide our futures, commodities and
options service/portal
(ii) Allow you to run reports based on your
interest in this area
Article 6(1)(b)
The provision of the personal data for these purposes is not mandatory
by law or contract however, achieving the planned purpose for the
processing will be considerably restricted.
e-ARTCO Barge Management System (e-ADM)
Purpose of the processing Legal basis for our processing
(i) Provision of our e-ARTCO Barge
Management system/portal
Article 6(1)(b)
The provision of the personal data for these purposes is not mandatory by
law or contract however, achieving the planned purpose for the processing
will be considerably restricted.
2. Recipients of your Personal Data
Here you will find information about recipients to whom we may need to share your personal data. We only share your
personal data where it is necessary. We will never share your personal data without a valid reason or interest connected
to the above stated purpose.
Recipient Function
ADM Group ADM may share your personal information with subsidiaries and affiliated companies
to provide the services you have requested. These subsidiaries and affiliated
companies will handle your personal data in accordance with this Notice.
Unaffiliated third parties 1. ADM may share your personal data with unaffiliated third parties who perform
administrative, marketing, professional or technological support functions;
2. ADM may share your personal data with unaffiliated third parties with whom we
enter into joint venture agreements, branding agreements or other strategic alliances,
or in the event of a sale, merger, reorganization, liquidation or other similar event;
3. ADM may share your personal data with unaffiliated third parties who help us
to process your requests to do business with ADM, such as processing a credit
application, performing a background check based on reference information, managing
ADM account information, facilitating trading and processing payments;
4. ADM may share your personal data with third parties who assist us with our job
boards, or with whom we have agreements.
Authoritative bodies ADM may be required to disclose personal data by law or legal process, for the
administration of justice, for investigation of breaches, for interacting with governmental
anti-fraud databases, to protect the security or integrity of our databases or this website,
to protect and defend the rights or property of ADM, to protect the personal safety of
ADM website users, to take precautions against legal liability, to protect your or our
legal claims and interests, defend against litigation and to comply with a government
organization. We reserve the right to contact appropriate authorities when activities that
are illegal or violate our policies occur on an ADM website.
3. Transfer to third countries and/or international organisations
If you are located in the European Union, personal data collected will be processed in a country where the adequacy of
that countries data protection laws have not been approved by an adequacy decision of the European Commission.
ADM is a US based company and therefore personal data processing occurs in the USA, but also some of the service
providers are based outside the EU. Where we transfer personal data in this manner, ADM will ensure that any such
agreements involving the processing of your personal data will be concluded so that your personal information is
protected to an acceptable EU standard under standard EU contractual clauses for the transfer of data, which provide
you and your personal data with adequate safeguards. If you would like more information as to how we protect your
personal data in these circumstances, please contact your Data Protection Officer with the contact details that we
provided above.

4. Storage of your Personal Data
We only store your personal data for a period reasonable for our purposes of processing and/or for a period of time that
is required of us by the laws applicable in your local area. We do not process your data any longer than we need to.
If you would like more information about our retention periods, please contact our Data Protection Officer with the contact
details that we provided above.
5. Website Cookies
Our website uses cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your device when you visit our website. Each
time you visit, this cookie information is returned to us. This allows us to recognize you, for example, or to help you
navigate by using the information in the cookies. Cookies cannot be used to launch programs or to transfer viruses to a
computer. The reading of cookies is only possible through the web server from which they originated.
You can also view our website without cookies. To prevent the use of cookies, you may disable the use of cookies
through the settings of your internet browser. The help functions of your Internet browser will generally tell you how to
deactivate and/or delete cookies. Please note that disabling and/or deleting cookies may cause certain features on our
site to stop functioning as expected.
Cookies that we use for certain functions include:
(1) Cookies that store certain user preferences (e.g. search or language settings);
(2) Cookies that store data to ensure trouble-free playback of video or audio content;
(3) Cookies that temporarily store certain user entries;
(4) Cookies used to identify or authenticate our users.
We store this cookie data until the end of the term of a particular cookie or until the cookies are deleted by you.
These processing operations are based on Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR. Our interest is the ongoing optimization and
usability of our website.
6. Third Party Cookies
This website uses Third Party Cookies & Analytics. You can find specific information about these below:
Google Inc.
This website uses cookies managed by Google Inc. (“Google”) for the purpose of analysing internet and website usage,
and often also for advertising. Personal data processed in this context is your IP address (which will entail your location
data) and further information produced by your movements on the internet in connection with that IP address.
This data is fully pseudonymised. The IP address sent by your browser as part of Google Analytics is not combined with
other data held by Google. In some cases, the truncating of your IP address occurs so swiftly that no personal data is
stored by Google for these purposes. This means in those circumstances, the information collected by Google is entirely
anonymised. Some processing by Google will only occur in the European Union. For some cookies, the processing will
occur on servers located in the United States. Safeguards for your personal data where this occurs are that Google Inc.
is Privacy Shield certified, meaning your personal data is processed to a standard acceptable under EU expectations.
Below you will find information about the sort of Google cookies used by this website. You are able to manage the way
Google uses your information and/or the way Google cookies track you on this site. All Google cookies preferences can
be managed at the following link: https://policies.google.com/technologies/managing?hl=en
Cookies used in this context on this site are:
a) Google Analytics: Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google. Google uses this information
on behalf of the website operator to evaluate the way you use the website, to collate reports on website activities
and to provide the website operator other services related to website and Internet use.
b) Google Tag Manager: Google Tag Manager is a tag management service. It is a service provided by Google
that facilitates the updating of tags for conversion tracking, site analytics and other Google cookie management.
c) Doubleclick: Doubleclick is an advertisement management and bidding service tha

d) Doubleclick Floodlight: Doubleclick Floodlight is a system used in conjunction with Doubleclick to track and report
conversions.
By using our webpages, you agree to the processing of the data collected about you by Google in the manner described
above. You can prevent the storage of such cookies by ensuring your settings are set accordingly in your internet
browser, including by using the link provided above. Please note, your use of our website may be affected where you
block or ban tracking cookies. If you would like further information about Google’s Privacy Policy, that information can
be found here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
These processing operations are based on Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR. Our interest is the ongoing optimization and
usability of our website.
Other
For users based in the US, we may engage third parties to process or otherwise analyze other web-tracking
technologies used by ADM. This may include cookies, pixels, beacons, or other technologies that track the amount of
time spent on our sites or social media and whether or not certain content, such as video was viewed. Third parties
who will access this information are generally our direct marketing partners. ADM may also engage in interest-based
advertising, meaning that you may see advertising on our website tailored to how you browse or shop, or you may see
advertising for ADM on other websites based on your general web-browsing behavior.
7. Location Targeted Advertising & Tracking
For individuals located in the United States of America, we may use targeted advertising technologies that are able to
identify your mobile device based on your location. Where your device is intercepted in a relevant location, your IP
address and location will be processed in order to provide specific advertising relating to ADM. This occurs at specific
events where ADM is present, including fairs. When such processing occurs, you will be presented with ADM advertising
when you open an internet browser on your device.
You can opt-out of receiving interest-based ads from third parties who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by
visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI website and DAA website. (http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) and
(http://www.aboutads.info/choices/).
8. External Links
This website may provide links to external websites. When you click on one of these links, you will be transferred from
this website and connected to the website of the organization or company that you have selected. Even if an affiliation
exists between ADM and such a website, ADM may not exercise any control over linked sites and we do not imply any
endorsement of the activities of these websites. Unless specifically stated, this Policy does not govern the data
collection and use practices of those websites and we cannot ensure they are compliant with the data protection
standards contained in this Policy.
If you visit a website that is linked from this website, you should familiarize yourself with that site’s privacy practices
before providing any personal information.
C. INFORMATION FOR CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS, LOGISTICS PARTNERS & PUBLIC
1. Purposes and Legal Basis
Below you will find information relevant in the instance that ADM processes personal data about you where you are a
customer, supplier, a member of the general public or logistics partner.
Managing contractual relationship
Purpose of the processing Legal basis for our processing (EU)
(i) Management of contact persons;
(ii) Facilitate the performance of the
contractual relationship and fulfilment
of contractual rights and obligations
Article 6(1)(f): Our legitimate interest is:
(i) Managing contact persons for communication and customer
care;
(ii) Carrying out of the contractual relationship and related rights
and obligations;

and related services, including the
optimization of processes;
(iii) Facilitate communications;
(iv) Manage and facilitate the information
flow.
(iii) Facilitate communications relevant to the contractual
relationship;
(iv) Process information relevant to the contractual relationship.
Where this is a direct contractual relationship:
Article 6(1)(b)
The provision of the personal data for these purposes is not mandatory by
law or contract however, achieving the planned purpose for the processing
will be considerably restricted.
Marketing
Purpose of the processing Legal basis for our processing (EU)
(i) Send you marketing material such as
emails and/or newsletters, allow you to
participate in prize competitions or other
promotional offers, or send you technical
information and/or legal updates.
Article 6(1)(a): Consent
Where we explicitly ask for your consent; your consent is entirely voluntary
and can be withdrawn at any time.
Where you enter into a contractual relationship with us:
Article 6(1)(b)
The provision of the personal data for these purposes is not mandatory by
law or contract, however, achieving the planned purpose for the processing
will be considerably restricted.
Article 6 (1) (f): Our legitimate interest is:
Where your electronic contact details have been collected in the context of
the sale of a product or service, such contact details may be used for our
interest of direct marketing of similar products and/or services; you can
object to the processing at any time.
2. Storage of your personal data
The personal data noted above shall be deleted after the expiry of the purpose for which they were collected, insofar as
no legal archiving rights, obligations or warranty periods justify a storage or retention of the personal data for other legal
reasons.
3. Recipients of your Personal Data
Generally, your personal data will not be transmitted to third parties, unless there is a relevant need in conjunction with
the above stated purposes, as outlined below:
Recipient Function
ADM Group ADM may share your personal information with subsidiaries and affiliated companies
to provide the services you have requested. These subsidiaries and affiliated
companies will handle your personal data in accordance with this Notice.
Unaffiliated third parties 1. Insofar as your personal data is maintained in a CRM system, your personal
data will be shared with the companies who provide such services and will be physically
processed by them accordingly;
2. Where we engage external service providers to support us in promotional
and/or advertising activities, your personal data will be shared accordingly.
3. Where it is necessary for the carrying out of a contractual relationship, we will
share your data with partners, customers and suppliers (including logistics partners).
4. Transfer to third countries and/or international organisations
If you are located in the European Union, personal data collected will be processed in a country where the adequacy of
that countries data protection laws have not been approved by an adequacy decision of the European Commission,
especially as ADM is a US based company and therefore personal data processing occurs in the USA. Where we
transfer personal data in this manner, ADM will ensure that any such agreements involving the processing of your
personal data will be concluded so that your personal information is protected to an acceptable EU standard under
standard EU contractual clauses for the transfer of data, which provide you and your personal data with adequate
safeguards. If you would like more information as to how we protect your personal data in these circumstances, please
contact your Data Protection Officer with the contact details that we provided above.

D. Personal Data Rights
1. Your rights
You have many actions available to you in relation to our processing of your data. You may use the contact information
below to request:
a. Access to your data, pursuant to Article 15 GDPR: You have the right to request information as to whether we
are processing personal data concerning you, and subsequent access to this personal data.
b. Rectification of your data, pursuant to Article 16 GDPR: You have the right to the rectification of your personal
data that is inaccurate or incomplete, this includes by means of a supplementary statement.
c. Erasure of your data, pursuant to Article 17 GDPR: You have the right to ask us for the erasure of your personal
data, where no exemption for retaining the personal data applies.
d. Restriction of our processing of your data, pursuant to Article 18 GDPR: You have the right to request a
restriction on the processing of your personal data in particular circumstances.
e. Data Portability, pursuant Article 20 GDPR: In some circumstances, you may be entitled to request that your
personal data be provided to you in machine readable format. This is applicable where the processing of your personal
data is based on consent (Article 6(1)(a)), where special categories of personal data are being processed based on
consent (Article 9(2)(a)), or where your personal data is processed on the basis of Article 6(1)(b). This right to data
portability includes the right to have your personal data transferred directly to another controller.
If you wish to exercise these rights, please contact our DPO at privacyeu@adm.com.
f. Objection to our processing of your data, pursuant to Article 21 GDPR: Where your personal data is
processed for the purpose of performing tasks carried out in the public interest (Article 6(1)(e)), for the purpose
of legitimate interests of the controller (Article 6(1)(f)), or for the purpose of direct marketing and profiling
related to this (Article 21(2)), you are able, based on the grounds relating to your particular situation, to object
to the processing of your personal data.
(Where the processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you are not able to object to this
processing pursuant to Article 21 of the GDPR. However, you do have the right to withdraw your consent based
on Article 7(3) of the GDPR. This shall have the same practical effect as objecting to the processing, should
you wish to do so).
2. Complaints
You may submit a general complaint regarding your personal information to a supervisory authority regarding our
processing of your personal data.
Comments
All comments relating to this Notice and/or regarding your personal data should be directed to our Data Privacy Team
at dataprivacy@adm.com.