SYMMETRY SURGICAL INC. WEBSITE POLICIES AND PRIVACY
INTRODUCTION

Symmetry Surgical Inc. (“Symmetry”) owns and operates the www.Symmetrysurgical.com website (the "Site"), which is hosted in the United States. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) is intended to ensure you understand how we collect and use data about your visit to this Site. To that end, below is a summary of the information the Site collects and how it is used. For sales and support purposes, the Site collects some personally identifiable information (“PII”), which could include your name, address, email address, telephone or fax number, IP address and certain other information. We also use cookies, which gather certain forms of information from your computer to help us monitor and improve Site usage and performance. You can choose not to provide us with this information, but if you make this election then certain portions of the Site may not be available for your use. 

We do not disclose this information to third parties for marketing purposes, although because we use some software and services provided by third parties to assist us with analyzing information regarding use of the Site those parties might have access to your personal information. We may also disclose your information to others for other purposes, including but not limited to instances where we are required to do so by a court order or other legal obligation. Please contact us if you have any questions or comments regarding this Policy.

INFORMATION GATHERED ON THE SITE

This Policy applies only to activities we engage in on the Site and does not apply to activities that are "offline" or unrelated to the Site. You should note that different privacy policies may apply to other parts of Symmetry’s web presence such as password protected areas or hiring application web pages. 

We may collect two types of information through this Site: anonymous information and PII. We collect certain anonymous data regarding the usage of the website. This information does not personally identify users, by itself or in combination with other information and we simply gather it to improve our ability to operate the Site. The anonymous data we collect can include information such as the type of browser you are using, IP address, and the length of your visit to the Site. 

We may also ask you to provide PII on the Site, including but not limited to your name, address, telephone number, fax number, company name, or e-mail address. This information can be gathered when you send us feedback or an e-mail, when you register for certain services, when we set cookies, or directly in response to inquiries on the Site. In all such cases you can choose whether to provide us with the PII, but certain portions of the Site may not be available to you if you do not provide the requested information. For more detail on what information we collect please review our Data Protection Policy.

COOKIES

Cookies are small bits of data cached or stored on your computer based on Internet activity. We use cookies to monitor individual activity in aggregate to improve the Site. The information we gather includes IP address, user language, the operating system, browser type, the presence/absence of "flash" plug-ins, screen resolution, connection type, and information that identifies the cookie. However, no other user information is generally collected. View our full Cookies Policy.

CHAT POLICY

The views expressed regarding any medical device or product conveyed in any discussion using Symmetry Surgical’s “Chat” feature are for convenience and general reference only. These opinions and statements are subject at all times to the Instructions for Use provided with any of Symmetry Surgical’s products and/or the warranty information provided with such product or on Symmetry Surgical’s web site, as applicable. “Chat” sessions may be recorded and monitored for training and quality assurance. Use of the “Chat” feature constitutes agreement with the foregoing.

USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION

We do not sell, trade or rent your PII collected on the Site to third parties unaffiliated with Symmetry.

Uses of PII and other Information 

We use the information collected through the Site for statistical purposes and for our efforts to improve the Site’s performance, as well as for our marketing purposes and potentially sending commercial emails to you. We occasionally use certain third party's software and services to assist us with these analyses. In addition, we would logically release your mailing address to a postal or courier service to deliver any products or information you order or request. We use third-parties to assist us with our marketing efforts, including assisting us with sending emails to you. This may include sending you free electronic newsletters and promotional emails for products and/or services offered on our Site as a service. We may send you newsletters and emails periodically listing current specials and deals from us or through our third-party service partners. However, you will have the choice to opt out of receiving newsletters and promotional emails for our products and/or services. 

We may also disclose PII if required by a court order or other legal obligation, such as a law enforcement agency's request or as otherwise required by law. We may also be required to provide your PII to a third party if we file for bankruptcy, or there is a transfer of the assets or ownership of Symmetry in connection with a merger, acquisition, or sale of a business unit.

OTHER WEBSITES

We are not responsible for the privacy policies of websites to which the Site links (if any). If you provide any information to such third parties, different rules regarding the collection and use of your personal information may apply, and would likely be provided on that site. We therefore advise you to review such third party's privacy policies before providing any data. These other sites may send their own cookies or clear GIFs to users, collect data or solicit PII. You should contact these entities directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.

SECURITY

We attempt to take appropriate steps to manage the privacy of your PII and the security of the Site. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that is disclosed online.

CHILDREN

We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Children are not permitted to use the Site or any services we provide, and we request that children under the age of 13 not submit any PII to this Site. Since information regarding children under the age of 13 is not collected, Symmetry does not knowingly distribute personal information regarding children under the age of 13.

CORRECTIONS AND UPDATES

If you wish to modify or update any information we have received, please contact us at info@symmetrysurgical.com.

MODIFICATIONS OF THIS POLICY

We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time and should we do so we will post an amendment or updated version on the Site. Such modifications will become effective on the day they are posted. We encourage you to frequently review this Policy for any modifications.

Effective: May 24, 2018