Privacy Policy
This is the web site of ClearOne Inc.

Our postal address is: 
5225 Wiley Post Way Suite 500
Salt Lake City, UT 84116

We can be reached via email at info@clearone.com, or by telephone at 1-801-975-7200.

The following information explains our policy regarding any personal information you may supply to us when visiting our web site. ClearOne Communication’s goal in collecting personal information online is to provide you with a personalized web experience. By knowing your preferences we can deliver relevant information that meets your needs.

ClearOne collects personally identifying information when you register to gain entry into one of our password protected areas. We will not sell, rent, or share this information with any other organization. You may be contacted by a ClearOne representative if we feel we can help meet your needs. If you want to tell us that you do not wish to be contacted or receive additional information from us, please contact us.

For each visitor to our web page, our web server automatically recognizes only the consumer’s domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).

We use cookies so that we can better serve you with more tailored information, store visitor preferences, customize web page content based on visitor’s browser type or other information that the visitor sends.

If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above. Please provide us with your exact name and address and we will make sure your name is removed from our list.

By using this site, you signify your agreement with the ClearOne Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Your continued use of this web site following changes to these terms means you accept those changes.