Privacy Policy
Hong Kong TV Shopping Network Company Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Hong Kong Television Network Limited (collectively "we", the "Company", "HKTV" ) respect the privacy rights of visitors to the Company’s website and mobile apps and of individuals who participate in, access or sign up to any of the Company's services, activities or online content (collectively referred to as "Services"). We endeavor to ensure that all our collection, transmission, storage and usage of personal data shall be carried out in compliance with the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance, Cap 486 of the laws of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region ("PDPO").

 

The term "personal data" shall have the meaning ascribed to it by PDPO.

 

PURPOSE OF COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL DATA

 

You need not supply any personal data in order to access the Company’s website. When you participate in, access or sign up to any of the Services, personal data is collected from you to enable us to provide you with the Services. You may decline to provide us with the requested personal data, but in such case we may not be able to provide the Services to you. By submitting your personal data you consent to the use of that data as set out in this Privacy Policy Statement.

 

Personal data collected from you may be used by the Company for:

 

identifying you and any accounts you hold with us
enabling the provision of the Services to you
conducting identity verification and/or credit checks
processing of payment instructions or collection of amounts outstanding from you in relation to the provision of the Services
order processing, billing and fulfilment
direct marketing of the Services
direct marketing of the products and services of the Company’s business partners
designing services for you
conducting research, statistical analysis and behavioral analysis
conducting program viewership survey and analysis
customer profiling and analysing your purchasing preferences
enabling you to participate in interactive features of our service, including identifying your friends or individuals, and sharing and communicating with them your shopping experience, when you choose to do so
making suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our Services or goods and services that may interest you or them
customising the Company’s website and its content to your particular preferences
provisioning of customer services
handling your complaints and account enquiries
fraud prevention and detection
auditing
making such disclosures as required by applicable laws, rules and regulations
any other purposes directly related to the purpose for which the personal data were originally collected
 

TYPES OF PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED

 

Types of personal data collected by the Company may include:

 

1.       Your personal information and contact information such as your name, gender, date of birth, identity card number, telephone number, social media contact, email address, residential address, mailing address, and billing address;

2.       Your business information such as company name and business title;

3.       Your account details, including first and last 4 digits of credit card account numbers, or user accounts;

4.       Your household income range, and personal interest;

5.       IP address, real-time geographic location data, browser settings, browsing records, and/or other Internet log information of your computer or mobile device; and

6.       Telephone numbers and email addresses contained in your phone book, when you choose to participate in interactive features of our service. In this case we will have informed you when you access to our service and by providing that data to us you agree that you have obtained consent from those individuals in the phone books.

 

CONFIDENTIALITY, DISCLOSURE AND SECURITY OF PERSONAL DATA

 

The Company does not trade your personal information and contact information for gain without your written consent. All personal data collected and held by the Company will be kept confidential, but where disclosure is necessary for the Company to comply with any statutory obligations or requirements, or for the Company to provide the Services to you or to carry out the original purpose, or a directly related purpose, for which the personal data were collected, those data may be provided to the following parties (whether within or outside Hong Kong):

Competent court of law, law enforcement agencies, or other governmental or statutory authorities, institutions or organisations;
Company’s associated companies, contractors, agents, sellers or suppliers of the goods/services, or other service operators, who are involved in the sale and marketing, administration or provision of the Services;
Any other person under a duty of confidentiality to the Company including a member of its group of companies, IT consultants, data processors, auditors, accountants, or lawyers, which has undertaken to keep such information confidential; and
Banks, financial institutions, credit card issuing companies or debt collection agencies.
Any questions, comments, suggestions or information other than personal data sent or posted to our website, or any part of the site by you will be considered as voluntarily provided to the Company on a non-confidential and non-proprietary basis. We reserve the right to use, reproduce, disclose, transmit, publish and/or post elsewhere such information freely, including passing it to any associated company for example, in connection with the development and marketing of services and to meet user needs.

 

All reasonable efforts are made to ensure that any personal data held by the Company is stored in a secure and safe place.

All personal data which we collect is kept confidential to the best of our ability. You will appreciate however, that we cannot guarantee the security of transmission.

 

TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA OUTSIDE HONG KONG

 

If necessary, the Company may transfer the personal data to places outside the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for carrying out the purposes, or the directly related purposes, for which the personal data were collected. All the transfer of those personal data will be carried out in compliance with the requirements of the PDPO.

 

RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA

 

If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party. If your mobile number is used for account login, you shall ensure that timely update is made by logging in to your account at “Account Profile” when your mobile number is to be changed or returned to your mobile operator. This is important to ensure that your account information will not be accessed by a third party who may have acquired the right to use your discarded mobile number. You are solely responsible for securing your account in this particular way. We shall have no liability to you for any loss or damage in this regard.

 

Unless there is a mandatory legal requirement for us to keep your personal data for a specified period, we will only retain your personal data for as long as is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which the personal data were originally collected.

 

DIRECT MARKETING

 

The Company intends to use the personal data collected from you in direct marketing and the Company requires your consent for that purpose. Your name, telephone number, email address, contact address, social media contact, products and service portfolio information, transaction pattern and behavior, browsing records, content viewing habits, and personal interest held by the Company may be used by the Company in direct marketing of the Services and the following classes of products or services offered by the Company’s business partners or the registered merchants of HKTVmall, including mother and baby, beauty and health, electronics, fashion, food and beverage, household, lifestyle, sports, telecommunications, media and entertainment, which may be of interest to you.

We may contact you by mail, telephone, social media, SMS, text/picture/video message, fax, email. If you prefer not to receive any direct marketing communications from us, you can opt out at any time by updating your preferences through your registered account or a unsubscribe link provided. Upon receipt of your request, we shall cease to so use your personal data without charge to you.

 

USE OF COOKIES

 

A cookie is a small text file which is placed onto your computer (or other electronic device) when you access the Company’s website. We use cookies on our website to:

 

recognise you whenever you visit this website
obtain information about your preferences, viewing and browsing behavior, online movements and use of the Internet
keep track of the items stored in your shopping basket and take you through the checkout process
carry out research and statistical analysis to help improve our Services and to help us better understand our visitor and customer requirements and interests
target our marketing and advertising campaigns and those of our business partners and advertisers more effectively by providing interest-based advertisements that are personalised to your interests
make your online experience more efficient and enjoyable
enable tighter security
 

The information we obtain from our use of cookies may not contain your personal data. Although we may obtain information about your computer or other electronic device such as IP address, browser settings, browsing records, and/or other Internet log information, this may not be able to identity you personally. To the extent that non-personal data is combined with personal data, we treat the combined data as personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy Statement. In certain circumstances we may collect personal data about you, but only where you voluntarily provide it by completing an online form, or where you purchase goods from our website or use the Services.

 

If you want to disallow the use of cookies, you can do so on your own web browser. If you disable cookies, you acknowledge that you may not be able to use some of the functionality of our website.

 

LINKS

 

This Privacy Policy Statement only applies to the Company’s website. Our website may contain links to other sites and pages. By activating a link, such as for example by clicking on the banner of an advertiser, you leave our website and the Company does not exercise control over any personal data or any other information you give to any other entity after you have left our website. Access to and use of such other websites is at your own risk.

 

DATA ACCESS AND CORRECTION

 

If you have any query in relation to the Company’s privacy policy or you wish to access or correct your personal data held by us, you may contact us by writing to the following address:

 

Hong Kong TV Shopping Network Company Limited

HKTV Multimedia and Ecommerce Centre

1 Chun Cheong Street

Tseung Kwan O Industrial Estate

New Territories

Hong Kong

For the attention of: Personal Data Officer

 

The Company reserves the right to charge you a reasonable fee for complying with a data access request as permitted by the PDPO.

 

 

 

Last Updated:  17 January 2018