CUSTOMER PRIVACY AT
ALASKA COMMUNICATIONS
OUR COMMITMENT TO RESPECTING AND PROTECTING YOUR PRIVACY

YOUR PRIVACY AND SECURITY
Alaska Communications believes that respecting and protecting the privacy of our customers is a serious responsibility. This Privacy Policy tells you how Alaska Communications collects, uses and protects your personal information. It also explains the many options you have available to access your account information or limit our contact with you, whether over the telephone, online or by mail.

COLLECTION OF CUSTOMER INFORMATION
Alaska Communications collects information about our customers, including information you give us, information collected as a result of your relationship with us, and information we obtain about you from other sources. Examples include your name, address, telephone numbers, e-mail address, billing, payment and account information, records of services provided and usage, credit and transaction information (including credit card numbers and/or social security numbers), account password and demographic information. For training or quality assurance purposes, we may also monitor or record our calls with you.

USES OF CUSTOMER INFORMATION
Internal Business Use

We use your personal information in many ways to help us provide the services you request from Alaska Communications. We use your information to:

properly identify you when you contact us
bill and collect for the services we provide you
ensure your creditworthiness for new or continued services
enforce our terms and conditions of service
provide you the products or services you request
protect you and our employees and property against fraud, theft or abuse
protect our rights or property
respond to your requests
provide information to law enforcement or emergency service providers, as required by law
provide you with the products or services you request
communicate with you about your account and our services and products
conduct surveys
We may also use your personal information to inform you about new Alaska Communications products and services or special offers for which you qualify.

We may provide personal information to third parties when necessary to provide Alaska Communications customer services or products when permitted by law. We provide subscriber list information as required by law to the publishers of telephone directories. We do not sell our customer information to parties not affiliated with Alaska Communications for the marketing of their products and services.

HOW WE MAY CONTACT YOU
Alaska Communications may contact you, subject to your preferences, at your residential or business telephone numbers, by voice call, by automated voice or text messages, by e-mail, by U.S. mail; or by voice calls to your residential or business numbers; however, we will never request your confidential personal information by e-mail or text message.

While you may choose not to receive sales or commercial communications from us except by mail, we will continue to contact you and send invoices, customer service-related notifications, technical or network-related information and other similar information by telephone, e-mail, text message or otherwise as necessary and as permitted by law.

Changing Your Contact Preferences: If you are an Alaska Communications customer, and wish to change your preferences for receiving marketing communications, you may call us at 563-8000 or 1-800-808-8083 or send us an e-mail at consumercare@acsalaska.com.

Email messages: Alaska Communications may communicate with you by email regarding your account status or to provide service-related notifications or information. We also may send you commercial or marketing email messages regarding new Alaska Communications services that may be of interest to you or special offers for which you are eligible. You may opt-out of receiving future commercial email messages from us by following the opt-out instructions in the message (usually at the bottom of the email), or by contacting a customer service representative at 563-8000 or 1-800-808-8083.

Please allow 10 business days for Alaska Communications to process your request to opt-out. Even if you opt-out of receiving commercial email messages from us, we will still send you customer-service or account-related email messages as necessary. Alaska Communications is not responsible for any commercial email messages sent by unauthorized third parties, including those who purport to be selling Alaska Communications products or services but who do not have our permission to do so.

U.S. Mail: Alaska Communications will send you account-related information through the U.S. mail, including service notifications and bills, and we may request that you participate in customer or quality assurance surveys. In addition, from time to time we may send you promotional information or special offers regarding the various products and services Alaska Communications sells.

Facimile (fax): Alaska Communications does not send marketing or sales information by fax, unless you expressly request that it be sent to you by fax. You may email us at consumercare@acsalaska.com or call 563-8000 or 1-800-808-8083 if you believe you have received an unwanted fax from Alaska Communications, please contact a customer service representative at consumercare@acsalaska.com or call 800-808-8083. If you are a business or government customer and received a fax you did not request, you should contact your account representative or call 563-8000. Alaska Communications is not responsible for commercial fax messages sent by unauthorized third parties, including those who purport to be selling Alaska Communications products or services but who do not have our permission to do so.

Phishing Schemes: Phishing is the criminally fraudulent process of attempting to acquire sensitive information such as usernames, passwords and credit card details by masquerading as a trustworthy entity in an electronic communication such as an email or text message.

Alaska Communications never solicits your personal information by email or text message and encourages you to report any suspected fraudulent email or text message you have received. Also, we always advise you to delete any unsolicited email requests for personal information without responding to them.

Alaska Communications has an in-house team dedicated to detecting fraudulent behavior. If our Internet Abuse team is able to determine that someone on the Alaska Communications network is the perpetrator, service is shut down immediately until the issue is resolved. You can forward any suspicious emails to abuse@acsalaska.net. Ensure you include all Internet headers with the emails. For information on how to obtain Internet headers or address other email issues please visit us online at Support Center.

PROTECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI) 
Consent to uses of CPNI: Under federal law, you have a right, and Alaska Communications has a duty, to protect the confidentiality of certain personal information that we obtain solely as a result of providing you telecommunications services. This information, called CPNI, includes information that relates to the quantity, technical configuration, types, destination, location, and amount of your use of our services that you utilize, and related information on your bills. Your name, address, and telephone number are not CPNI.

We may use your CPNI to provide information to emergency personnel, protect you or others from fraudulent, abusive or unlawful use of our services, to protect Alaska Communications’ rights or property, or to comply with any law or legal process. We may use CPNI to try to win back former customers in accordance with the law. We may also use CPNI to offer new plans, terms and conditions, upgrades, and new or additional products, accessories and services related to existing services you have with ACS. Your approval for us to use your CPNI may enhance our ability to offer products and services tailored to your needs. By signing our Home Internet Service Agreement, you consent to the use of your CPNI by us or our authorized agents in email, text messaging, regular mail, or other reasonable means to contact your to advise you about our Services or products or service-related or account issues.

Your consent remains valid until we receive notice that you wish to withdraw it, which you can do at any time by changing your preference on our website form (click on the link above) or by calling us at 1-800-808-8083. In addition, you may opt-out of receiving marketing-related emails by following the "Unsubscribe" instruction (found at the bottom of the email), or by contacting a customer service representative toll-free at 1-800-808-8083. You may opt-out of receiving marketing-related text message solicitations from Alaska Communications by clicking the "unsubscribe" or "stop" feature at the end of the text message, or by calling a customer service representative toll-free at 1-800-808-8083. ACS will always honor your choices as to the use and disclosure of CPNI. Please note that your withdrawal of consent will not affect the status of any services you currently receive from ACS.

We restrict the use of this information by our affiliated entities, in accordance with the law, for purposes of providing services to you or offering other ACS products and services. We do not allow third parties to use or disclose CPNI for any other purposes, except as required by law, and we require the third party to implement adequate safeguards to protect the confidentiality of CPNI.

Alaska Communications Do Not Call Policy: In compliance with the law, Alaska Communications has a company Alaska Communications has a company Do Not Call Policy that you can view in its entirety. We also maintain an Alaska Communications Do Not Call list to enable you, and potential customers, to request that Alaska Communications not place future sales or marketing calls to your phone number(s). Anyone who does not wish to receive telemarketing calls from us may request that their phone number be added to Alaska Communications’ Do Not Call list.

If you wish to register your telephone number on Alaska Communications’ Do Not Call List, you can do so by sending an email consumercare@acsalaska.com or by calling 907-563-8000 or 800-808-8083. Alaska Communications will promptly record your preference, although you should allow up to thirty (30) days for your number to be removed from any sales campaign then underway. Your Do Not Call request will be honored for five years. If you change your number, you will need to contact Alaska Communications to remove your old telephone number and add your new number to the Alaska Communications Do Not Call list, in order to maintain your Do Not Call preference.

National Do Not Call Registry: The National Do Not Call Registry gives you a choice about whether to receive any telemarketing calls from any business at home or on your mobile phone. You can register your home or mobile phone for free. For more information or to register your telephone number(s), go to the National Do Not Call Registry website at: www.donotcall.gov

Most telemarketers should not call your number once it has been on the National Do Not Call Registry for 31 days. However, even if your phone number is listed on the National Do Not Call Registry, federal law has an exception which allows us to call individuals with whom Alaska Communications has an established business relationship, including current customers and customers with whom transactions were completed within the past 18 months, or who have applied for or made inquiries about purchasing Alaska Communications services within the past three months. If you do not wish to receive sales or marketing calls specifically from Alaska Communications, you can register your telephone number on Alaska Communications’ Do Not Call list, as explained above.

Password Protection: In compliance with federal rules protecting the confidentiality of CPNI, Alaska Communications has implemented password protection on customer accounts. We are required to obtain passwords to verify your identity before releasing any call detail CPNI over the phone in response to your request. If you do not have a password, requested records may be mailed or emailed to your address of record for the account. You may set up a new password or change an existing password by clicking on this link: Manage Your Account Password.

Privacy of Online Personal Information: On some Alaska Communications Web pages you can order products and make requests or register to receive information. The personal information you provide on these pages will be used to fulfill the specific request or purpose for which it was provided. No personal information obtained online is released outside of the family of Alaska Communications companies or its authorized agents, except with your permission, as required by law, or as necessary to fulfill the online order (e.g., providing the “ship to” address to our shipper).

Alaska Communications Website Security: You can visit our Website with complete privacy and know you are secure in providing personal information for the purpose of conducting business with Alaska Communications. Any personal information provided by you at our website is held strictly confidential within the family of Alaska Communications companies and its authorized agents.

Privacy for Internet Service Subscribers: Alaska Communications’s affiliated Internet companies and services collect information from Internet subscribers or users as necessary to provide and enhance Internet access service. For example, Web servers automatically recognize an Internet user’s domain name (such as .com, .edu, etc.), the Web page from which you enter our site and how much time you spend on a Web page. From time to time, the information collected from Web users may change. This information is used - only in the aggregate - to improve our Internet services and sites.

Access by Children: Alaska Communications Web sites are not structured to attract children under the age of 13. Alaska Communications’s affiliated companies believe there is no information on its Web sites, which is inappropriate for viewing by children. Alaska Communications’ policy limits ordering of on-line products and services to adults.

Other Web Sites: The Web sites of Alaska Communications and its family of companies may contain links to other Web sites. We are not responsible for the content or privacy policies of other sites.

Data Security: To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure appropriate use of information, appropriate physical, electronic and managerial safeguard been established to secure the information we collect.

Alaska Communications Internet Acceptable Use Policies: Alaska Communications has policies for acceptable use of your Internet Services that apply to all our customers and which protect us from fraud, abuse and illegal or unacceptable use, and in emergencies. Click on the following links to view the Alaska Communications Internet Acceptable Use Policy.

Identity Theft and Fraud: Alaska Communications is diligent in protecting your information from identity theft and fraud. If you believe your account or your personal information has been illegally accessed or used you should report to us immediately at consumercare@acsalaska.com, or call 563-8000 or 1-800-808-8083.

In the unlikely event of a breach of security at Alaska Communications, you will be notified in writing if your personal information or account information has been compromised and what actions Alaska Communications is taking.

Disclosure of Customer Information: Alaska Communications does not disclose non-public customer information to third parties except as provided in this Privacy Policy or as required by law. Alaska Communications is legally required to comply with requests for disclosure of customer information made by court order or other legal process. In certain emergency situations, Alaska Communications may also be required to disclose customer information to law enforcement.

Privacy Policy Updates: This Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time. We will revise and update this Policy if our practices change or to reflect future changes in the law.

This Policy is effective April 10, 2015.

Alaska Communications Privacy Policy Version 2.0 Revised April 10, 2015.