Terms and conditions of use
By accessing TransAlta’s website you are agreeing to be bound by the website’s terms of use, all applicable laws and regulations and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, do not use this website. TransAlta Corporation (TransAlta) may revise these Terms of Use at any time without notice. By using this site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms of Use.

TransAlta provides the information found on this web site for informational purposes only.

The information posted on this web site is not intended as advice to, or concerning, particular readers or circumstances. The information is provided “as is,” without warranty or condition of any kind, either express or implied, including warranties of completeness, accuracy, usability, fitness for a particular purpose or merchantability. TransAlta investor relations material may be superseded by subsequent disclosures. TransAlta reserves the right in its sole discretion to edit or delete any documents, information or other content appearing on this site without notice.

The user or viewer of the information assumes all risk for the use of this web site. The user’s sole remedy for dissatisfaction with the information provided is to stop using the information.

TransAlta Corporation, on behalf of its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, consultants and contractors, completely disclaims all liability for the use of the information posted in this web site by any user or viewer, including liability for any losses, damages, lawsuits, claims or expenses, including, but not limited to, consequential losses anyone may incur as a result of using this information.

TransAlta Corporation’s rights, obligations and responsibilities to its customers, or any other third parties, are governed solely by the agreements under which those rights, obligations and responsibilities were created.

All links noted on this web site are provided solely for informational purposes. TransAlta Corporation does not endorse the linked entities, nor is TransAlta Corporation responsible for the content accessible through these links. Under no circumstances will TransAlta Corporation be held liable to any third party who may choose to rely on a linked entity, their products, services or information given.

The information provided in this web site is the property of TransAlta Corporation and may not be reproduced without the express written permission of TransAlta Corporation.

All materials are copyright TransAlta Corporation © 1997-2016. All rights reserved.

Privacy Policy
TransAlta complies with privacy requirements and, in order to give this effect, does not automatically collect personal and confidential information from visitors to the TransAlta Corporation website. By using the website, you acknowledge that you have read this privacy statement, understand it and agree to all of the terms and conditions in this privacy statement.

You may choose to provide us with personal information. We maintain practices and procedures so that all personal information is collected and stored in a secured manner and protected from unauthorized use, disclosure and retention. We will not release any of your personal information to a third party unless you specifically tell us to do so.

Forward-Looking Statements
This website may contain forward-looking statements, including statements regarding the business and anticipated financial performance of TransAlta Corporation. All forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs and assumptions made from information available at the time they were made. These statements are not guarantees of our future performance and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that could cause such differences include cost of fuels to produce electricity, legislative or regulatory developments, competition, global capital markets activity, changes in prevailing interest rates, currency exchange rates, inflation levels, unanticipated accounting or audit issues with respect to our financial statements or our internal control over financial reporting, plant availability, and general economic conditions in geographic areas where TransAlta Corporation operates. Given these uncertainties, the reader should not place undue reliance on this forward-looking information, which is given as of the date the information was made available publically. The material assumptions in making the forward-looking statements are disclosed in the relative Annual Report to shareholders and other disclosure documents filed with securities regulators. Unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in Canadian dollars.