PRIVACY POLICY
Ormat Technologies, Inc. ("Ormat") Website Privacy Policy
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY BEFORE USING ORMAT'S WEBSITE

ORMAT PRIVACY POLICY:

PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY BEFORE USING ORMAT'S WEBSITE (THE "SITE"). BY USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY, INCLUDING ANY ADDITIONAL PARTICULAR TERMS POSTED ON THE SITE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ABIDE BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR ANY ADDITIONAL OR FUTURE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE OR SUBMIT YOUR INFORMATION THROUGH IT. ORMAT RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FROM TIME TO TIME.

I. SCOPEThis Privacy Policy describes the type of information collected from visitors to the Site, how such information is used, and how visitors can update and control the use of information provided through the Site. Ormat is the operator of the Site. However, as software and other functions and content may be provided by third parties with whom Ormat has a relationship, such third parties and Ormat's affiliates are to be deemed third-party beneficiaries of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not necessarily describe information collection policies of other websites Ormat does not control.

 

II. INFORMATION COLLECTIONa) When you visit the Site we may ask you to register and provide information about you and your company, including your name, company name, addresses, phone and fax numbers, e-mail addresses, and additional identity and contact information.

b) If you use our services, request quotations for products and/or services through the Site or otherwise make use of the Site, we may ask you to provide further information, such as specifications, financial information and other business-related information. When you visit the Site, we may collect certain routing information such as the address of your originating Internet Service Provider, and information provided by "cookies". Cookies are data files which enable recognition each time you return to the Site and keeping track of the pages you view and the services you use. This information allows us to provide improved services.

c) We may also collect aggregate information about the use of the Site, including pages most frequently visited, numbers of visitors, length of visitors' stay on each page, etc.

d) If applicable, for electronic access to annual reports and proxy statements, if any, we may collect your tax identification number to verify your shareholder status.

e) You may review and update the information that you provide to us through the Site by contacting the Site's designated address.

 

III. USE OF INFORMATIONa) The information we collect from and about you and your company may be used to fulfill orders and requests; to provide quotations or related information in response to requests; to process, execute and monitor orders; to notify as to the status of orders; to prepare drawings, product configurations, etc.; to provide you with information about offers, products and/or services we believe you may find useful; to notify you of updated information, changes to the Site or new products and/or services; etc.

b) We may combine information you have provided to us in communications offline with information you have provided to us online, for purposes of improving the Site in connection with your visits to it, among other things.

c) We may use information collected from visitors, among others, to improve the usefulness of the Site and to prepare aggregate, non-identifying information used in marketing or similar activities. From time to time, some information may be deleted from our systems in our sole discretion.

 

IV. SHARING INFORMATIONa) We may provide the information we collect about you and/or your company to our affiliates and to third parties to the extent their involvement and the provision of such information are necessary to provide requested products and/or services.

b) We may disclose information about you and/or your company if you direct us to do so; if we are required to do so by law; to respond to claims; in other legal limited circumstances such as to protect your account from fraud; and/or generally to protect the property, safety and/or rights of Ormat or others.

c) We may freely provide statistics about visitors to the Site, Site transactions or other Site activities.

 

V. CONTROL OF ACCESS TO INFORMATIONa) Access to information we store on our systems is controlled by firewalls and other security measures. We make reasonable efforts to maintain safeguards to protect information from unauthorized or inappropriate access. We restrict access to such information to those persons with a need to know.

b) The information disclosed by you in interactive or other areas of the Site accessible to other users, such as bulletin boards and chat rooms, if any, can be collected and used by such other users.

 

VI. WAIVERYou acknowledge and agree that we may collect, store, use, disclose and transfer your information for purposes described in this Privacy Policy or any additional terms.

 

Copyright © 2017 Ormat. All rights reserved.