Privacy Policy
Protecting Information And Privacy Is A Top Priority.
OGE Energy Corp. is firmly committed to online user privacy. We provide this notice to explain our online information-gathering practices. This Privacy Statement applies to OGE Energy Corp. and its subsidiary Oklahoma Gas and Electric Company (collectively "OG&E"). OG&E does not sell, trade, or rent information about you or your account to third parties.

Consent
By submitting information via this site, you agree to the collection, storage, use, and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Statement.

The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on any OG&E-sponsored website.

We treat information about you, including personal information, as confidential, consistent with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, including those established by the Oklahoma Corporation Commission and Arkansas Public Service Commission.

How is the information collected?
We collect customer information in a variety of ways, including but not limited to the following:

When you set up your account and interact with us regarding your account, your utility service, and your participation in utility programs or offerings
When you use electricity, usage data is collected via our metering systems (including the smart meter system)
When you choose to engage with us online
When we interact with third parties such as credit agencies
When you choose to apply to OG&E for employment.
Why is OG&E customer information collected and how is it used?
We use personal information to administer your account and inform you about your energy usage, as well as to manage, provide, and improve our services and business operations, or for job opportunities. Some examples include:

To generate your customer billing statement
To enable you to view energy usage data on your account
To communicate with you about your energy usage
To help you select the best rate plan, or to take advantage of pricing programs such as the SmartHours™ program
To communicate with you about specific programs or opportunities that may help you to lower your energy usage
To communicate with you about energy saving tips and energy management tips tailored to your geographic area, climate, and daily energy usage
How do we protect information from unauthorized access?
OG&E is committed to protecting your personal information from unauthorized access. Although we can’t prevent every possible situation, we prudently invest in appropriate security measures as a part of fulfilling that commitment.

Children's Privacy Online
We share our customers’ concern that children’s’ privacy is important. Some areas of our websites contain energy awareness and safety information, interactive games and other materials that are directed toward children. These pages on our sites do not ask for personal information from children who choose to view material or participate in games available on these pages.

Contact Us
If you choose to email us through the “Contact Us” link on this site, you will be asked to identify yourself so that one of our employees can respond to your questions and comments. If, however, you wish to submit your questions or comments via U.S. mail they can be mailed to:

Attn: Customer Care
PO BOX 321
Oklahoma City, OK 73101-0321

Or Call: General Customer Service

Toll Free: 800.272.9741

Oklahoma City Locals: 405.272.9741