Marcus & Millichap Privacy Policy
Revised on March 27, 2014.

The MarcusMillichap.com and institutionalpropertyadvisors.com websites and our mobile applications (collectively, the “Site”) is a service of Marcus & Millichap Real Estate Investment Services, Inc., a California corporation, and the affiliated entities listed below (collectively, "Marcus & Millichap" or “we”). We have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use, protect, and disclose information and data when you use the Site. This Privacy Policy also explains your choices for managing your information preferences, including opting out of certain uses of your Personal Information (defined below). By accessing or using the Site, you consent to this Privacy Policy.

WE MAY REVISE THIS PRIVACY POLICY AT ANY TIME. WHEN WE DO, WE WILL ALSO REVISE THE "LAST UPDATED" DATE AT THE TOP OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR REGULARLY REVIEWING THE CURRENT PRIVACY POLICY. THE MOST CURRENT VERSION OF THE PRIVACY POLICY CAN BE REVIEWED BY CLICKING ON THE "PRIVACY POLICY" LINK LOCATED AT THE BOTTOM OF OUR WEB PAGES. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE SITE AFTER WE POST ANY REVISIONS TO THE PRIVACY POLICY CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT TO ANY SUCH REVISIONS.

What Marcus & Millichap entities are covered by this Privacy Policy?

This Privacy Policy applies to information provided to the following entities:

Marcus & Millichap, Inc.;
Marcus & Millichap Real Estate Investment Services, Inc.;
Marcus & Millichap Real Estate Investment Services of Atlanta, Inc.;
Marcus & Millichap Real Estate Investment Services of Chicago, Inc.;
Marcus & Millichap Real Estate Investment Services of Florida, Inc.;
Marcus & Millichap Real Estate Investment Services of Nevada, Inc.;
Marcus & Millichap Real Estate Investment Services of North Carolina, Inc.;
Marcus & Millichap Real Estate Investment Services of Seattle, Inc.;
Marcus & Millichap Real Estate Investment Services Canada Inc.; and
Any yet-to-be created Marcus & Millichap affiliated entity except for Marcus & Millichap Capital Corporation and Mark One Capital, Inc.
What information do we collect from this Site?

Personal Information

We collect personal information that you provide to us (“Personal Information”). Personal Information is information that tells us who you are such as your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address. We collect this information when you register to use this Site, use any of our services, update or modify information that is maintained on the Site, register for an event, and at other times. We also may receive Personal Information through the use of social media websites and services. We may receive information about you from these and other sources.

 

Usage Data and Site Activity

We collect certain information automatically each time you visit the Site (“Usage Data”). This includes, without limitation, your IP address, the type of computer you use, the web browser you use, the web pages you visit, and the duration of your visit to the Site. An IP address is a number assigned to your computer when you connect to the Internet. Each time you visit the Site, our web server may automatically recognize (where possible) and collect your IP address.

Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies

We use cookies (a small text file placed on your computer to identify your computer or device and web browser). We use cookies to improve the experience of the Site, such as pre-populating your username for easier login. We do not use cookies to collect Personal Information. From time to time, Marcus & Millichap and our Service Providers (defined below) track your online activity on the Site. Marcus & Millichap and those third party providers will at times associate that information with information that can identify you, an account belonging to you, or your device or with information that can be used to contact you.

Most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Certain features of the Site may not work if you delete or disable cookies. Some of our Service Providers may use their own cookies, or other tracking technologies in connection with the services they perform on our behalf.

How do we use the information that we collect?

Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we use Personal Information for our internal purposes and the internal purposes of our affiliates only. Internal purposes include, but are not limited to, our use of Personal Information to provide you with the Site, to establish your online account, to send you information and reports about types of properties that you may be interested in, to contact you directly about properties that you may be interested in, to provide you with any other services you request, to notify you of new products or services offered by Marcus & Millichap or any of its affiliates, and to otherwise communicate with you about Marcus & Millichap and any of its affiliates. We will use Personal Information that you submit to apply for a job for purposes of processing your application and, if applicable, evaluating your candidacy for any applicable jobs. We may also use Personal Information to send you marketing communications and e-mails about the Site, Marcus & Millichap and our affiliates, and our services, respond to e-mails, provide customer support, and other similar matters.

We use Usage Data to customize your experience while visiting the Site and to evaluate and improve the design of the Site. We use Usage Data to help us run and maintain the Site, study traffic patterns and generally learn about the usage of the Site. We also use such information for purposes of system administration, to improve the design and content of the Site, and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience.

How the information collected is disclosed?

Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, (a) we do not sell, rent, or trade with unaffiliated third parties any Personal Information that you provide to us through the Site, and (b) we do not share such information with unaffiliated third parties.

We may disclose non-Personal Information, including Usage Data, in aggregate form to third parties including, without limitation, advertisers and business partners.

Service Providers

We may disclose Personal Information about you to third parties who provide services to us and who agree to maintain such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy (“Service Providers”). These Service Providers may provide a variety of services to us including, without limitation, hosting of and maintenance for this Site, processing and storing user information and data, updating your customer information records in our database (including address verification), conducting marketing and promotions, and sending or coordinating the sending of marketing communications on our behalf. Each Service Provider must agree to use reasonable security procedures and practices, appropriate to the nature of the information involved, in order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We only provide our Service Providers with the information necessary for them to perform these services on our behalf. We do not authorize Service Providers to make any use of your information other than as specified by Marcus & Millichap.

Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement

We may disclose Personal Information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may have breached our Terms of Use [http://www.marcusmillichap.com/TermsOfUse.aspx] or who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other users of the Site, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. We may also disclose Personal Information or other information when we believe that the law requires it and when we believe it is necessary or appropriate in order to respond to legal requests (including court orders and subpoenas).

Other Transfers

We may share Personal Information and Usage Data with businesses controlling, controlled by, or under common control with Marcus & Millichap. If Marcus & Millichap is merged, acquired, or sold, or in the event of a transfer of some or all of our assets, we may disclose or transfer Personal Information and Usage Data in connection with such transaction. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if, in our discretion, the new entity plans to handle your information in a way that differs materially from this Privacy Policy.

Do you have a choice as to whether to provide information to us?

You can choose not to provide Personal Information to us. However, if you do not provide such information, you may not be able to access or use certain portions of the Site or our services.

Can you access your information?

If you are a registered user, you can access, change, correct, and update your Personal Information that you provide to us through your account or by e-mailing us at Privacy@marcusmillichap.com.

Notice to California Residents/Your California Privacy Rights

California residents are entitled once a year to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2014 will receive information about 2013 sharing activities). To make such a request, please contact us at Privacy@marcusmillichap.com or mail us at: Legal Department, Marcus & Millichap, Inc., 23975 Park Sorrento, Suite 400, Calabasas, CA 91302. You must use the website address for this Site as the subject line, and include your full name, e-mail address, and postal address in your message. Please see the "Can you access your information?" section of this Privacy Policy for additional information.

How do we protect the security of your information?

We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to reduce the risk of unauthorized access to personal information. However, although we employ such safeguards, information transmitted on the Internet and/or stored on systems connected to the Internet is never 100% secure. As a result, we cannot nor do we ensure, warrant, or guarantee the security or integrity of such information.

How do we protect children's privacy?

The Site is intended for users who are 18 years old or older. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records.

Does the Site contain links to other websites?

While you are using the Site, you may be linked or directed to other third party websites outside of the Site that are beyond our control. A link to a third party's website does not mean that we endorse it or that we are affiliated with it. You access such third-party websites or content at your own risk. Each of these third parties may have a privacy policy different from ours. Please review the privacy policies of these websites. We are not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties.

Where is information stored?

Please be aware that your Personal Information and communications may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state, province, or country. If you are located outside of the United States, please be advised that we process and store information in the United States, in addition to other jurisdictions, including Canada. The laws in the United States may not be as protective of your privacy as those in your location. By using the Site, you agree that the collection, use, transfer, and disclosure of your Personal Information and communications will be governed by the applicable laws in the United States.

Contact Information

We welcome your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. Please send any comments to us by email at Privacy@marcusmillichap.com.

Marcus & Millichap Capital Corporation Privacy Policy
Revised: March 28, 2014

Marcus & Millichap Capital Corporation (“MMCC” or “we”) values your privacy. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use, protect, and disclose information and data when you use the MMCC website and mobile applications (collectively, the "Site") or MMCC services ("Services"). This Privacy Policy also explains your choices for managing your information preferences, including opting out of certain uses of your Personal Information. By accessing or using the Site or Services, you consent to this Privacy Policy.

1. Managing Your Information Preferences

You can review, correct, update, or change your Personal Information (defined below) or opt out of receiving certain e-mails by changing the relevant settings in your MMCC profile or account or by e-mailing us at Privacy@marcusmillichap.com. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at Privacy@marcusmillichap.com.

2. Information We Collect

Personal Information

We collect information that personally identifies you, such as your name, address, phone number, e-mail, information you submit for inquiries, such as loan inquiries, information you submit through loan applications, and other personally identifiable information that you choose to provide us with or that you choose to include in your MMCC account ("Personal Information"). You may be asked to provide us with Personal Information when you register with the Site or use any of our Services, and at other times.

We may also collect Personal Information from the following sources:

Social media websites and services;
Loan applications;
Personal financial statements;
Tax returns;
Credit reports;
Partnership agreements;
Searches on google.com;
Client events, including webcasts; and
Other sources.
The decision to provide Personal Information to us is optional; however, if you choose not to provide the requested information, you may not be able to use some or all of the features of the Site or Services.

Usage Data and Site Activity

We automatically collect information regarding the actions you take on the Site ("Usage Data"). For example, each time you use the Site we automatically collect the type of web browser you use, your operating system, your Internet Service Provider, your IP address, the pages you view, and the time and duration of your visits to the Site. We use this information to help us understand how people use the Site and Services, and to enhance the services we offer.

Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies

We use cookies (a small text file placed on your computer to identify your computer or device and web browser). We use cookies to improve the experience of the Site and Services, such as pre-populating your username for easier login. We do not use cookies to collect Personal Information. From time to time, MMCC and its Service Providers (defined below) track your online activity on the Site. MMCC and those third party providers will at times associate that tracking information with information that can identify you, an account belonging to you, or your device or with information that can be used to contact you.

Most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Certain features of the Site or Services may not work if you delete or disable cookies. Some of our Service Providers may use their own cookies or other tracking technologies in connection with the services they perform on our behalf.

3. How We Use Information and When We May Share and Disclose Information Generally

Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we use Personal Information for internal purposes only, such as to provide you with the Site and Services, to provide you with Services that you request, to process and evaluate a job application that you submit, to improve the Site and Services, to notify you of new products or services offered by MMCC and its affiliates, and to otherwise communicate with you about MMCC and its affiliates. We may share your Personal Information with third parties as necessary to provide services requested by you, such as in response to a loan inquiry or application or to send you a research report in response to an inquiry from you.

We may share your Personal Information with the following entities to provide services that you request:

Commercial banks;
Investment banks;
CMBS aggregators/issuers;
Private and public funds;
Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and HUD;
Mortgage bankers;
Insurance companies;
Private lenders;
Other third party vendors; and
Marcus & Millichap sales agents.
We will not disclose Personal Information to third parties, including for their direct marketing purposes, without your consent, except as explained in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose to third parties for ours and others’ marketing purposes, certain Usage Data regarding the Site and Services. However, in such cases, your Usage Data is aggregated with the usage data of others and does not identify you individually.

4. Service Providers

From time to time, we may establish a business relationship with other businesses whom we believe to be trustworthy and who have confirmed that their privacy practices are consistent with ours ("Service Providers"). For example, we may contract with Service Providers to provide certain services, such as hosting and maintenance, data storage and management, and marketing and promotions. We only provide our Service Providers with the information necessary for them to perform these services on our behalf. Each Service Provider must agree to use reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information involved in order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Service Providers are prohibited from using Personal Information other than as specified by MMCC.

5. Access to Personal Information and Retention of Your Personal Information

MMCC provides access to your Personal Information to MMCC employees and contractors, such as originators, processors, and closers, in order to provide you with the services that you request. Once we complete providing services that you request, we may retain certain of your Personal Information and we may contact you from time to time as detailed in this Privacy Policy. After a certain period of time, we may destroy certain information and files we have about you.

6. Other Transfers

We may share Personal Information and Usage Data with businesses controlling, controlled by, or under common control with MMCC. If MMCC is merged, acquired, or sold, or in the event of a transfer of some or all of our assets, we may disclose or transfer Personal Information and Usage Data in connection with such transaction. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if, in our discretion, the new entity plans to handle your information in a way that differs materially from this Privacy Policy.

7. Notice to California Residents/Your California Privacy Rights

California residents are entitled once a year to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2014 will receive information about 2013 sharing activities). To make such a request, please contact us at Privacy@marcusmillichap.com or mail us at: Legal Department, Marcus & Millichap, Inc., 23975 Park Sorrento, Suite 400, Calabasas, CA 91302. You must use the website address for this Site as the subject line, and include your full name, e-mail address, and postal address in your message. Please see the "Managing Your Information Preferences” section of this Privacy Policy for additional information.

8. Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement

MMCC cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose Personal Information and any other information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties if, in our discretion, we believe it is necessary or appropriate in order to respond to legal requests (including court orders and subpoenas), to protect the safety, property, or rights of MMCC or of any third party, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to comply with the law.

9. Security

We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of information transmitted to us. However, no data transmission over the Internet or other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect information transmitted on or through the Site or Services, we cannot and do not guarantee the security of any information you transmit on or through the Site or Services, and you do so at your own risk.

10. Links To Other Websites

Our Site and Services may contain links to other websites or allow others to send you such links. A link to a third party's website does not mean that we endorse it or that we are affiliated with it. We do not exercise control over third-party websites. You access such third-party websites or content at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a third-party website before providing any information to the website.

11. Children's Privacy

The Site and Services are intended for users who are 18 years old or older. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records.

12. Processing in the United States and Elsewhere

Please be aware that your Personal Information and communications may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state, province, or country. If you are located outside of the United States, please be advised that we process and store information in the United States, in addition to other jurisdictions, including Canada. The laws in the United States may not be as protective of your privacy as those in your location. By using the Site or Services, you agree that the collection, use, transfer, and disclosure of your Personal Information and communications will be governed by the applicable laws in the United States.

13. Privacy Policy Changes

We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will inform you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Site. Those changes will go into effect on the “Revised” date shown in the revised Privacy Policy. By continuing to use the Site or Services, you consent to the revised Privacy Policy.