
Privacy Policy

Please note: The articles listed below contain historical material. The data provided was current at the time of publication. For current information regarding any of the funds mentioned in these presentations, please visit the appropriate fund performance page.

General Policy

U.S. Global Investors, Inc. and U.S. Global Investors Funds have created this privacy policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of your personal information. These are our information gathering and dissemination practices.

FACTS: What does U.S. Global Investors do with your personal information?

 Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.

What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:

Social Security number and account balances
transaction history and checking account information
account transactions and wire transfer instructions
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.

How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons U.S. Global Investors chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.

Reasons we can share
your personal information	Does U.S. Global
Investors share?	Can you limit
this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus	Yes	No
For our marketing purposes—
to offer our products and services to you	Yes	No
For joint marketing with other financial companies	No	We don’t share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your transactions and experiences	No	We don’t share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your creditworthiness	No	We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you	No	We don’t share
Questions?
Call 1-800-US-Funds (1-800-873-8637).

Who we are

Who is providing this notice?
U.S. Global Investors, Inc. and U.S. Global Investors Funds (collectively known as U.S. Global Investors)

What we do

How does U.S. Global Investors protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.

How does U.S. Global Investors collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you

open an account or provide account information
make deposits or withdrawals from your account
make a wire transfer
tell us where to send the money
We also collect your personal information from other companies.

Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only

sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.

Definitions

Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.

Our affiliates include U.S. Global Investors, Inc. and U.S. Global Investors Funds.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.

Nonaffiliates we share personal information with include companies that perform marketing on our behalf, printing and mailing companies, and companies that service your account(s).
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.

U.S. Global Investors doesn’t jointly market.
Download a copy of this privacy policy here.

 

Internet Policy

We protect our users’ information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline with state-of-the-art technology. To access your account online, your computer’s web browser must support this technology. More detailed information is available on our website, www.usfunds.com. If you are just “surfing,” we collect and use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movements and gather broad demographic information. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.

Registration: If you want to buy or trade a mutual fund on our site, you must register by filling out an application form. The form asks for information such as name, e-mail address, address, gender and age. We use this information to send you materials about U.S. Global and products offered through our site, and to contact you when necessary. We are required under federal law to keep records of the information you provide to us.

When you register at our site, U.S. Global uses a cookie (a small data file stored on your computer’s hard drive) to store a unique, random user ID. We do not store passwords or any personal information about you. We use this ID to identify you anonymously in our database and to track information while you are on our site. Cookies also let you enter our site as a registered user without having to log on each time. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use our site. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser, but if you do, you may not be able to use certain features of our site.

Linked Sites: Our site may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. You should read the privacy statements of each website you visit that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information we collect on our site.

Children’s Privacy: Our site is not directed at children under the age of 13 and does not knowingly collect personal information from them. If we learn that we have obtained personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information from our records.

E-mail: E-mail is not a secure means of transmitting sensitive information. We will never ask you to submit your investment or personal information via e-mail.

Changes to Privacy Policy

U.S. Global may occasionally change this privacy policy. If a revision is material, U.S. Global will mail a notice to all current shareholders and will post the revised policy on its website. The changes will take effect as soon as mailed and posted.